hey guys it's Judy and I'm finally
getting around to doing my review of the
season 4 of orange is the new black
there's so much pressure I'm looking
crazy right now
because I started flat ironing my hair
but then I realized oh my gosh I gotta
get this review done before BT Awards
and like all this stuff is happening and
I'm like trying to keep up girl I was in
the car accident on Thursday so I just
gotta get my life together like I've
been saying for like the past thirty
years of my life and yesterday I put up
the video that I thought the least about
simply to get that best beef sponsorship
out of the way and I did a reaction
video at the 11th hour literally to
Kanye West famous and it's like now at
300k views and less than a day and I
just feel really sad at how celebrity
and negativity just is what people tap
into and all the silly foolish teenagers
and people that are my comments section
talk about why can't you do a reaction
where you like the fine brothers when
you come from just go back there anyhow
you know I've been saying we're not
really trying to get a larger audience
we just trying to connect more with
smart Brown girls and those who are down
for the smart brown girl move me I mean
I really need to do what an extra dish
to my hair look I'm crazy where to begin
with season 4 or just a new bag i
marathon through this whole season one
Monday so yeah I need those of that
video if you haven't already you already
know the drill sis come on oh and you
see this this is not a small brown girl
regular t-shirt I'm fat just wait it's a
crop top this is what the white looks
like it's almost the black is always
sold out but I actually should have a
few in stock this week so if you see it
grab a girl cuz it'll be gone
but the white one is always in stock and
I have a coupon code for 15% either of
them to get back to this review after a
melodramatic season three I was not
expecting season four to come back with
such a bed but consider the time
consider the year consider the week like
consider yesterday Friday Thursday flex
it every day this year feels like too
damn much and orange is the new black
rolled all those feelings into the last
four episodes of this season so I'm
going to call it trauma porn with the
bling focus on black lives matter
systemic racism
patriarchy and oppression common sense
sa oppression in this review transphobia
the oppressive of high sky like
oppression the oppressive structure and
degradation of the human rights in the
u.s. for-profit prison system and the is
la phobia the Islamophobia Islamophobia
that is scantly discussed in the reviews
orange is the new black altogether went
for the jugular of the oppression awards
and gave us no break from all the times
we've said this year is this really 2016
in that nineteen fifty two like
seriously it's right like ladee did we
wasn't trying to go back in time no we
wasn't this is not a review suggesting
that I am the authority or that I have
the absolute right opinion one oranges
new black I just speak with confidence
because if I don't believe in myself who
will I am critiquing based on my preview
I understand that I am a heterosexual
cisgender sometimes Christian I mean
casual Christian I identify with the
Christianity the belief systems of
Christians black women when we watch
characters that we see ourselves and we
take it very personally because we want
their storyline to go in ways that we
explicitly approve of like that's me I
get to tell my own narrative you can't
tell my neck I need to go like this cuz
I would never do that
you're not monolithic and each character
no matter how much we believe they
individually represent us are really an
amalgamation of the diversity that
exists within our subgroups I have heard
it as a critique and I'm open to hearing
more discussion on this that the
characters are drawn very broadly um oh
well you know we are I'm already
thinking are you already thinking
because this is meant to be a
thought-provoking review please agree or
disagree freely and respectfully many
themes were highlighted in this season's
one is that even the oppressed can be
oppressive and active members in keeping
together a system of oppression three
four five oppression oppression up or
how easy and mindlessly that one can
invoke privilege often white privilege
via apathy becoming the main pillars of
said oppression they delved into black
lives matter and respectability politics
the facade of liberal ideas
in the contrasting relationship of yoga
Jones and Judy King which was one of my
favorite kind of aspects of this season
race relations in the Latino community
and plenty of white fragility was
presented almost to the point of
exhaustion like don't nobody like Piper
girl nobody I always remember is that
everyone who watches is not woke and
some things that felt exhausting like
they were beating over your head leaving
you bone weary we're for the audience
who's never had to see the world outside
of themselves as in white people who
tuned into this cuz it's a comedy series
and some of y'all aren't woke cousins
cuz you know just cuz we browned on me
we all get it
carried the arcs that I most enjoyed
this season we're lolly and her battle
with schizophrenia suzanne formerly
known as crazy eyes always have a
special place in my heart because i do a
girl her whole story line this season
brian ugly cried that deeply and i don't
know how long it's been and of course
poussey who just yeah i me just have a
heart girl it's gone the actress to play
the young molly was actually different
from the actress who actually plays
loudly probably really humanized a
struggle of dealing with mental illness
and how society viewing someone as
simply crazy kind of removes their right
to ever live a truly fulfilling life did
she really end up in jail on the other
side of the country because lynch was in
connecticut and we see organ stopped by
the cops and gentrified seattle
washington i believe it was for
resisting arrest over what was she being
arrested for it's I mean and it's like
the same thing with crazy eyes which I
was I just I just wasn't totally
prepared for that I said me I mean I the
ugly cry came out deep from like down
below the starting I'm girl like the
stomach it might have been in my
pancreas how she ended up in jail was
such an unnecessary situation I have so
many questions about why her sister
didn't hire someone to look after her
for the weekend like a caretaker or have
her stay with someone else or even get a
co-worker from her job to stay with her
to check like provide the girls haven't
been at 2728 alone before why leave her
alone like that for a weekend vacation
like it's
easy to find somebody oh this was so
maddening and I knew when she showed him
at the part and saw that little boy that
she recognized the grocery store I
already knew it was headed but how
quickly it escalated entirely caught me
off guard
like I just wasn't right I hope that you
anythi was gonna be spoilers I didn't
say this is beginning but you know
myself around girls got common sense
I was absolutely positively 150 maybe a
thousand plus billion percent annoyed by
every last white character Amish so
Piper is absolutely insufferable not a
single white character stood up aside
from sister Ingalls going into solitary
and Danny Pearson fighting to get Sophie
out of solitary confinement but every of
the white person this entire season
stood idly aside as Piper spurred a
white power
Aryan gang to protect her business
interest as correction officers employed
the broken windows theory to
traumatically damning results the
Latinas and black women and you we are
we are checked by Latinas and a little
bit later on but the general the Latinas
and black women were not inherently
violent until Piper's racist gang began
to wreak havoc on the minimal livelihood
they held on to in the prison it was the
white women who caused the disruption
that they were then allowed to police
and then creating a cycle of violence
that sat squarely on the foundation of
white privilege
captain piscatella I get why they
initially presented him as Stern and
sort of kinda affable this is billed as
a comedy series at the Vienna I kept
waiting for a comedic break reges never
happened with jus like I didn't find any
shenanigans funny he could be a bear a
bottom atop a tray all of the
corrections officers we see an exertion
of male and white male privilege even if
I ask what black boy wants a white
border and now the finest black man that
was teaching them how to do slave labor
to five participating in such grotesque
action that hurt me
they were just exerting their privilege
in the most grotesque forms as one guard
for
says maritza to literally eat a live
mouse that I just asked and then the
haphazard apology from the corrections
officer to pennsatucky
that's how is just so sorely in need a
love even from her rapist it was very
uncomfortable to watch pennsatucky
endear herself to coach the corrections
officer her raped her and then
apologized what I questioned is how far
off is this from the discussion around
like Ray and janay rice domestic abuse
and rape victims right to forgive and
just exist these are a larger
conversation or do I have the right to
just be infuriated with Penta takis
character art and another corrections
officer not receiving any sort of
punishment for his inhumane action so to
get back to the ancient nosov the white
people's this season Jojo sis I was so
disgusted but just so happy that her
character highlighted the utter BS of
liberal white people but who could speak
on but never act on dismantling systems
of oppression yoga Jones was the perfect
subtly elitist and racist liberal like a
status quo it was a great parallel to
see the easy to despise Judy King hug I
love Paula Deen in a flesh girl she had
that jam-packed highlight yoga Jones own
shortcoming being a mirror image of
Paula Deen who thought throwing money or
throwing around the money that she has
given to certain charities at folks
would make people look past her blame
bigotry for all her seeming to turn each
I'd as she paid to mind her relationship
with black city she did what every other
white person did just a little bit more
in yo face when she had the explicit
ability to change the tide and advocate
for the rights of Puss a king did
nothing loki king's character says a lot
about our own inaction when we have a
chance to stand for something but it
requires self-sacrifice and we quickly
turn inward and the state
name of self-preservation Caputo
frustrated the entire life for the
entire generation of black women that I
come from out of me
all of it I really just wanted him to
like wake up how hard is it to
understand the weight of the injustice
is happening to your inmates and the one
moment he had he used it to defend his
own correction officer with no mention
of any inmate even as who says body
still lay cold on the ground
it was exacerbating watching these
characters invoke their privilege to
just check out go home walk through the
war zone only crying about their own the
black women they're just black Sydney is
absolutely quizzical she converted to
Judaism last season actually enjoyed
seeing her awakening and kind of freedom
in that sort of expression that she had
with it and the joy that she found in it
overall her Israel versus Palestine B
with Allison art to stomach like I was
just like sis then a black woman would
freely express scientism in xenophobia
as humor and she kept spewing damaging
rhetoric and to say that black people
can be racist then highlight all the
reasons that we are not because racism
requires power we could be prejudice we
could be ethnocentric I said girl why
c'mon says come on I have definitely
encountered women like her in my own
comment section it's like it's like
Outsiders conversation I would really
like you but within this conversation I
could not morally fuck with you I do not
do respectability politics and that was
Cindy 150% all the way I don't know why
they had Allison show her red locks at
the end or cool a red locks at the end
of the season was like okay since we get
you must be a Philly Muslim cliche
cliche cliche I read the critique that's
going on about it being trauma point
I'll actually get down below so you can
read it for yourselves and it kind of
called the show out saying that the
black women were never allowed to
experience joy or
black love was never existed suggesting
that the black women were reduced to the
mammy trow that's definitely a
worthwhile critique though I didn't walk
away feeling that what hasty is smart
she's very smart watching her as
Caputo's assistant was hilarious but sad
and Daniel Brooks just acted her butt
off as tasty this season she did an
amazing job
she's definitely a protector especially
over Suzanne and we walked through with
her relationship with who say either
season two or was it last season in that
relationship she asserted that she had
no interest in a sexual relationship
with another woman and maybe I could own
it that is my own bias or my own
perception or lens as a heterosexual
woman that I just didn't miss that there
were no black-on-black love for me that
was because a lot of the sexual
relationships which is based on
negativity not that I have an issue with
lesbianism or two black women loving
each other I think that's a very
beautiful thing when they show the white
inmates pair together for intimate
relationships they didn't seem positive
to me desirable or a relationship just
even on an emotional basis that I would
want to be in the closest to an
emotionally fulfilling relationship that
I saw was pussy and so so all the other
relationships were manipulative
one-sided or just revolved around drugs
and deep negativity to not see any of
the black women inmates participate in
that with each other just read to me
like they were above that so I wasn't
that I didn't see I tell them is better
than that because they were heterosexual
I told him as better is that because
they didn't read it to find some sort of
happiness or hope to push through within
the prison system to allowing someone to
misuse their body does that make sense
acknowledge I do have to stop and think
about why none of them were shown as
being in loving relationships outside of
prison in their flashbacks you know the
one hang and who says girlfriends when
she was in what was she in Amsterdam or
Paris which was in Europe was very
volatile as their families didn't accept
them yeah I I'm not a Matina
um so while I enjoy the development of
the care
and the dialogue around just in situates
xenophobia and racism that exists in
that community I love the humor that was
used to highlight that absurdity the
xenophobia that Dominicans have towards
Haitians but the Latina characters
definitely all played into the trope of
being subservient and hot in the bedroom
women so their mega like Blanca and then
she's going hard with the of all people
the lawncare guy in the old lady's
bedroom it's just I
I mean I thought it was funny and
humorous but it also very heavy-handed
least stereotypical finally getting to a
poo says-- death which is what I believe
took everybody out and I still don't
know that I've processed it it was
absolutely heart-wrenching and
infuriating on a deep soul level and I
only think personal encapsulate how much
that hurt but I think that's why they
chose passe to kill all I'm kind of
interested in who else could they have
chosen and it not be as upsetting
I don't know was she the most acceptable
type of queer is that what everyone's
holding on to we could say we're sad
about Freddie gray Trayvon Michael and
Eric you know we can retweet a link
about Renisha McBride we can share in
remembrance of Sandra bland and all
honestly how often are we moved to
invested action you know in these
instances action really is motivated by
anger and do we and mass really ever
gotten there there is always a
disconnect because these people are not
directly tied to us I felt real true
pain over Sandra bland but it was
absolutely not the same pain and I feel
when somebody that is within my intimate
social circle passes away but the death
of poussey definitely kind of meets me
there Oh a lot closer and that's why we
are so disgusted and want to discuss and
watch and have GroupMe chats about it
but we don't really do the same for
people other people in real
that we've heard about in the media who
they been presented as a respectable
bougie black person to me showed that
respectability politics just won't save
you
it's literally saves knowwhen except for
maybe Oh Jay Simpson who then just uses
black women that he never loved in the
first place to get him free whatever
girl another day but the prisons PR guy
hastily notes that Hussein was picked up
for having a blood and so maybe I was
thinking with that that next season the
mechanics that landed her in jail for at
least a year will be shown as like a nod
to the kalief Browder situation being a
presentable educated black person won't
save you in a world that views your
melanin as a basis for your criminality
Baxter's backstory was absolutely
unnecessary it wasn't necessary for us
for black people for walk people for
black women who understand the weight of
intersectionality and the various forms
of oppression that attempt to keep us
pinned down I think it was built-in for
all the others who say the police
officer made a snap judgment with no
time to spare Zimmerman feared for his
life oh look at the Olympic trainer what
a charming young white man Brock Turner
is we so often are so used to talking to
ourselves you know age of social media
where we can create very insular groups
and we can keep discussions about
political things amongst the choir in
essence or just in the cracks right when
we are talking to outsiders it's never
really conscious about education it is
caught up just like clap back and add
homonyms nowadays that's who I'm
thinking the back there back story or
narrative it was meant to be endearing
to those type of people and white people
and then show them how shifting the
focus of poussez murder onto how Baxter
needs to be saved it's further
suffocating and already dead bad maybe
and maybe I'm giving them too much
credence in too much tricked by this is
a way to get across to the people that
aren't in my choir the necessity of
black lives matter the stéphanie of what
you're talking about when we address
intersectionality as black women when we
talk about the prison system and
just the unforgivable violence that
happens in the traumatic experience of
these women are both going through you
know I also thought about why when you
start going to the flashbacks of these
women do they really deserve these long
prison sentences I think America has
some of the longest unnecessarily long
prison sentences for nonviolent crimes
and you know you start to like these
characters are becoming dear to them or
think they're not that home and so
they're not these bad people and we
don't even we don't give this credence
at all to inmates that we absolutely do
not give it to black and brown women who
go through the prison system we are
especially poor women you know to
address these hard-hitting topics as
tired and exhausted as we are are
necessary because we're tired and
exhausted because it's not getting
through and I think we are in an age of
social media we are so used to talking
in 140 characters and you need to punch
the snarky is wittiest clap back in
those characters that we are literally
talking in punches and nobody's innocent
take punches we all end up walking away
and the ability to really educate people
is so often lost in our snarky witty
anger um you know my criticism over all
pussies death is because other than
keeping her alive I don't know what
resolved or how to resolve the pain
biggest question is why do they have to
phrase it as Baxter doing it as an
accident even in that accident is it
truly a ap's
an accident or absent-mindedness but is
that absent-mindedness not there because
she is just nothing more than a black
inmate to you and I don't feel like that
was clearly Illustrated I felt like that
was very broad and it allowed too much
room for people to really sympathize
with him as somebody who just did it by
mistake I don't believe that any
situations where we've seen police
murder or kidnap or brutalized black
brown bodies that it was always done
with a villainess ramsey from Game of
Thrones
esque intent it might be a lot more I
mean did you watch Oh days 30 for 30 and
almost want to like mark fuhrman like I
feel like it can be that affable and
approach but it is still
just as damning and racist and harmful
as if they went about it in a piscatella
manner this is how deeply racism is
ingrained into our society that it can
even come across as like an accident the
thing that just happened you know and I
can read into that but I don't know that
the way it was illustrated in the show
was specific enough with all the white
characters in action was like literally
like how the whole world I feel like is
acting maritza and Marysol crassly
joking about it felt like the trolls
that you find in any comment section on
any social media moody King not speaking
out about it is like every youtuber with
a large platform
how you doing Caputo doing nothing more
than any District Attorney would do in
real life but when I criticize I'm
always left with well what do I suggest
be the right way I'm just at a loss for
this because this is really how it's
going now in 2016 I would love to hear
your input and I definitely hope in the
next season that they diversify their
writers room and their production team
because as great as it is to see a
diverse cast think people could be more
forgiving of the show or willing to
understand more of a shows premise if
the writers and directors were not so
damn white it's a little hard to
understand the things you don't like
about your story being told when it's
absolutely not told by somebody in your
group so I understand over and over and
over again that feeling but it's such an
accurate summation I Brenda Nasir keep
it up on Facebook I don't know if I'm
brushing up her last name there's a
picture of it right here but she said
the next time you try to undermine the
value of social media content writers
realize that those writers of orange new
black and other shows with white people
who write for black characters are
getting all of their material from black
twitter facebook tumblr shin Se youtube
but i imagine you know we out here and
mostly from black women and fans we are
the ones writing the dialogue and giving
back stories to characters they silently
observe and in then turn around and
incorporate the language of the
oppressed into their script as usual
they will never credit the source once
again our labor goes unappreciated and
unrewarded while white will sit back and
cool
like checks off our black girl that was
so aptly and sucking Lisa and we still
need to know what happened to miss
Claudette is he's a four girl where's
she been okay comment down below
thumbs up my my girl do you want to see
more smart brown girl content like this
support by becoming a smart blond girl
patron today or checking out any of the
smart brown girl merchandise that's
listed in the description box below
