it's jewel Z and we're still talking
College because there's much to be sums
up this this I thank you so much heated
debate PWI barcia's HBCU how do you
decide between the two WI means
predominately white institution HBCU
means historically black college or
university HBCUs are federally
recognized as they were defined by
Congress in the Higher Education Act of
1965 to be honest there is no right or
wrong answer in this equation the beauty
of America is that there is a diversity
and pathways to achieve success go to an
HBCU for undergrad go to a PWI for grad
go to a PWI for undergrad go to an HBCU
for grab who you it's college you're
fighting yourself you probably not even
woke yet you're going to make mistakes
you need to make mistakes so your
Google's so you know what you're getting
into
there are HBCUs and PWI in the middle of
nowhere is bumble fish and you might
hate your experience so please visit all
campuses let's keep you all the way true
for real for real the administration's
at HBCUs can be severely lacked but
there's no place else you experience the
beauty in the diversity of blackness
outside of the yard at an HBCU yes that
absolutely matters and you attaining
your higher education just three tiny
easy cuts between the world and me and
you will girl it just the fields by
Howard University that network at an
HBCU is so true the family the Morehouse
men the Spelman night the Aggies the
temple may wait temples on HBCUs the
southern at the Rho hu 1867 bison many
others are a vast strong established
alumni network you just can't get
nowhere the sororities have a history
and camaraderie this unique to the HBCU
experience even the SG rows have picked
11 girls on a line protip anytime it's a
probate of over 40 girls just yeah
congratulations
there's always a Tiffany Ashley and Toya
on every line girl if you're in a major
that smell dominated or not many
minorities in general going to an HBCU
that ranks well in that program will
provide you with the support you need to
see it through both emotionally and
academically
you may have to sleep outside the a
building in order to register for class
but make sure you actually get assigned
to the dorm as walking distance to
campus and I don't worry about it
there's always some sort of compromise
on the other hand PW eyes are better
funded that means more scholarship so
you don't have to get to know their
hostilely matter their new thought in
having a state schools what good sports
teams have a strong alumni network as
well do not sleep on how much college
basketball and football will keep the
old cronies financially invested in a
college and these financial resources
mean you have more opportunity to take
advantage a program to the college
offers like study abroad or internships
that are valuable in your chosen career
path faculties and administration might
be revered and provide their own network
outside of the school's alumni and PW is
do not let you cash your refund check
trust that is a blessing the a building
actually has office hours if they stick
to and a computer system that doesn't
lose your paperwork every other week the
school funding allows you to use campus
organizations to build our impactful
programs that inspire others and give
you great organizational experience you
have to weigh the options for you think
about the type of person you are the
type person you want to become think
about what your strengths and weaknesses
that you can improve upon our think
about the assets you currently have
available to you the assets that you
would like to have available in the
future and really weigh out that
financial way fist the small house in
Kentucky can build a lot of weight
character and humor that might benefit
you with your total career field life
truly the strength of character
this face school might give you the
financial freedom to really exploit your
college experience to its full potential
the history our ancestors paved and
building up HBCUs might be what you need
to be inspired to see it through just do
what's best for you they're all great
options you're young
there was ahead of you just a smart sis
do you want to see more smart brown girl
content like this support by becoming a
smart blond girl patron today or
checking out any of the smart brown girl
merchandise that's listed in the
description box below thank you smart
brown girls stay awesome
