hey guys Judy here did you thumbs up I
know we just get started but I am happy
to be here and you're happy to be here
beyond awesome smart brown girl anything
you're awesome you're smart brown girl
or you're just an awesome person who
likes where I talk about and is
definitely smart though you may not be
brown or a girl hello nice to make your
acquaintance you're off to college it's
your first year or your returning year
or the year you're getting back to doing
something you've been meaning to do for
a while but reason ah College one young
lady this time last year was on her way
to Columbia University in New York City
she was a returning sophomore on a full
engineering scholarship around the time
of finals this year
mailee kid 19 years old went missing she
disappeared deleted her Facebook page
and her mother as most mothers put on a
major search to find her only daughter
and they found her like two weeks later
chillin in Brooklyn in her new apartment
in hipster Ville Williamsburg she didn't
or doesn't know how the cops found her
but she penned a letter for the New York
Post explaining why she plotted on
disappearing nathan represents the
complexities that most young black women
face as they enter college the
expectation that we should all do well
without the support systems that
acknowledge the nuances of the
microaggressions and then my new shop
coming into yourself as a black person
as a woman as a black woman the
intersectionality runs deep y'all trust
i love me you this cute and together
black college girls that are doing vlogs
on the too late and slayed while
attending college I am here for it but
plenty of us were and I still imagine
are part of the BI how much these course
books even they use one a stony coins
franchise meal plan cuz nebula has a
study hot with a free food any pizza
boat lay like twice a week we're work on
today yes you who took the work-study
just so you can photocopy someone else's
books for a free 99 ICU stay smart says
what to get back to it whether you're
glammed up or headscarf hoodie din
spongebob squarepants on my pants
there's just as experience that's very
unique to the black woman in college
especially for those who entered into
male-dominated fields at PW eyes as in
predominantly white institution and Ivy
League colleges Nayla provides an
interesting case study that hits on many
of the layers of this complex experience
first home girl clearly had a breakdown
and that is not anything to be ashamed
of nor is it uncommon I had my first
panic attack my sophomore year during
Italian class so I started screaming and
sobbing and I could not control any of
it College is experiencing a whole new
world at a time when you are coming in
to your own identity poeple that with
your first time handling unexperienced
forms of racism microaggression and
judgmental as people who look just like
you or you start doing be cool with it
no there goes respectability politics
popping up and the prevalence of rape
culture and the dismissive of women's
rights over their bodies since stay away
from the Natty's to ever clear the
banana 99 the 151 now that's gonna save
you from being sexually assaulted it
just takes man save it taste blood
it's rough you are going through a deep
wave of emotions I wrote a whole book
based on the emotional evolution I
experienced during that time I don't
have any answers for you or Nayla but
here's why if I stay vocal this is also
a time period where you can learn how to
become more articulate your emotions
your feelings stay thoughtful I know why
do I ask the battle racism and evil if
they should already know who is free and
plentiful but truth is this never stops
and thoughtful doesn't mean you get
walked all over either but learning how
to navigate what you stand for and how
to speak to people on different
wavelengths they committed I can't
condone or condemn Nayla for dropping
out I did the same thing but I also did
or still have destination syndrome I
envision where I should be in life and I
get up and just go immediately yeah but
now sure you could transfer programs but
stay in one place for at least three
years during college I promise you are
going to look up one day and someone is
in the same place or higher where you
feel you should be and they want
hold on school that you turn your nose
up and what they did was utilize yes
utilize that Network and every single
resource that school has to offer
current students faculty alumni the
worst you can give is a no or no
response my issue with Nayla story is
that she voluntarily disappeared cutting
off all connections never do that no
matter what you think are still in the
moment there is always someone who cares
and loves you even if they are horrible
at showing it use a proxy if you can't
communicate it yourself hey I need space
it's gonna be a while I'm not going to
be responsive I will reach out in time
then walk away but I have no
understanding of how Nagler didn't think
someone will go looking for her namely
her mama because I have a temple cuz I
want to be a delta and I knew my mind
will come looking for me if I'm a lie
what do you want mother to ever wear
that mask to be honest
Neela's narrative is quite cliche a la
lena Dunham's girl which is such a false
reality of what living in Brooklyn is
way Kayla met her some hipster and Billy
Berry's name Charlie says exact times
alibi has fine hipster baby who can live
dangerously because the safety net of
watching whiteness work is something
else especially in New York City when
you think doing drugs ruin your life
there realize Becky could start that
mound of cocaine still end up with a
brownstone and Tribeca living a good
life for 28 huh what am I doing here
what oh that's right M'Lynn ated I'm
betting Neelu go back to college at some
point all my smart brown girls share
your stories share your hardships the
internet is here use it to bring shared
experiences together remember you're
learning growing and evolving and that's
more than most people are capable of do
you want to see more smart brown girl
content like this support by becoming a
smart brown girl patron today or
checking out any of the smart brown girl
merchandise that's listed in the
description box below thank you smart
brown girls stay awesome
