hey guys Julie I know how people have
been asking about this gold smart brown
girl shirts and unfortunately my former
manager Trudy also known as 4c hair
chick is refusing to return my inventory
oh that is inclusive of the gold letter
smart brown girl charts because she's
clinging 35% ownership of the smart
brown girl company even though when I
asked her lawyer please provide
documentation of this they say that I
should already have it so I've taken a
core and I'm going to Seattle in June
because I filed a claim against her
because she's refusing to return over
417 oh my smart brown girl branded
merchandise so I'm even more reason for
you to support this my brown girl
movement turn off your ad blocker
refresh this video and let's get it
started
we're still reeling from Beyonce
dropping her visual album lemonade I did
a breakdown of all the cultural
references that you can catch here click
the eye above or check the description
box below but to get to the point
since formation the single job there
hasn't been an uptick in the rumination
in Beyonce's intentions and authenticity
and being a feminist and since lemonade
dropped whether or not she's really
supporting black womanhood or is she
just doing this for the coin then last
week
bell hooks the grandmother og of black
feminism released her review of lemonade
Ellis was acclaimed black feminist who
focuses on the interception allottee of
race capitalism and gender to be honest
I'm not much of a fan of bell hooks
since she referenced Janet Jackson's
character on good time to the hyper
sexualized Sapphire motif but my
feminism looks more like that of Joe
Morgan's when chicken heads come home to
roost another great book to read
regardless I still do believe that
Bell's us is a very necessary read for
any and every black woman as it will
help solidify your own personal beliefs
even if they are in direct opposition to
those of Bella I have to give it to her
bell hooks offers the beauty of
provocative thought awhile bell hooks
has laid the foundation for black
feminism
she's also called Beyonce and terror yes
there's context to discuss around her
claim but for brevity the takeaway is
that hooks to Beyonce is like Cornell to
Obama the old hoose quit their eye and
I know they know I think forget how
different their revolution looked from
the previous generation and they
themselves criticized the next
generation for not doing as they did
because history will always repeat
itself and our review of lemonade hooks
first claim is that dealers who like to
suggest lemonade was created solely or
primarily for black female audiences are
missing the points as it was marketed to
entice any and all consumers what's the
last time you saw something marketed
directly to black women as a way to
upsell to the general market we are here
on YouTube where black women are often
overlooked for opportunity because you
can sell to a broader audience when
you're fluent sir is racially ambiguous
or just white what would make Beyonce
the most money is going back to her days
of fashion feeders so while we do
understand that this is business and
Beyonce is very much so about her
business Beyonce has been in this game
for almost 20 years
and what does every artist who has
longevity do especially black women
artists they evolve into their womanhood
revealing more of themselves hello Diana
Ross oh hey Jenny I work day Whitney
girl we do miss you and Nina we are so
very sorry about Zoe but we love you for
all the fiery inspiration that we know
you are providing for Beyonce hell yes
it's a strategic strategic and that
Beyonce can afford to do this afford to
be this daring this controversial and as
Evelyn said blackity black black black
and yes black and sub and unapologetic
about it without losing her artistry her
celeb power her legacy or her sanity I
mean look what we made him Nina and one
must add sis do you not make money
Monte's of your writing your public
speaking maybe calling Beyonce your
Terrace was strategic in providing you
press less the witless younger
generation remain unaware of who you eat
then bell hooks states that Beyonce's
radical reposition
black female images does not truly
overshadow or change conventional sexist
constructions of black female identity
this is after she details that LeMay
offers viewers a visual extravaganza a
display of black female bodies that
transgresses all boundaries that
portraits of ordinary every black day
women are spotlighted poised as though
they are royalty lemonade shifts the
gaze of white mainstream culture but
whence is Eva that crisp Pink Lady Apple
has anything man produce been all things
immediately dismantling a system has
hooks from our laying of this great
foundation but able to entirely ship the
premise of feminism erasing the erasure
of women of color acts upon white women
that feminism cannot exist without
intersectionality beyonce is sexualized
along with her acts of emotional
violence a celebration of rage even
though the father in the song daddy
lessens gives her a rifle warning about
men she does not shoot her man she did
hooks take everything to the literalist
of literal form the whole line about
Beyonce not shooting her man after
decrying her as sexualizing violence
gave me a very good giggle contradiction
munch hold up the track on what she's
referring to Beyonce beating cars with a
bat does not incite violence it's a
visual aid to the emotional feelings of
dealing with betrayal by a loved one how
short-sighted must one be to miss that
concluding this narrative of hurt and
betrayal with caring images of family
and home do not serve as adequate ways
to reconcile and heal trauma this here
is largely why I'm not a fan of hug she
had before dismissed the value of women
who choose to stay home women who seek
to be wives who love to be mothers if
only just mothers they are fine with
that calling and Who am I to define what
one seeks as a woman as her own being
is that the beauty of feminism giving
women the right to be who they well so
but I've been posted her construction of
feminism cannot be trusted as in
Beyonce's construction of feminism her
vision of feminism does not call for an
end to patriarchal domination it's all
about insisting on equal rights for men
and women if we're to end patriarchal
domination what Zooey ends up with is it
not like a rotating equal right thing
going on here and that we're all
respective he may be quite quite frankly
very little in lemonade was about
celebrating any man jay-z is only seen
as a very vulnerable very stripped down
significant other to Beyonce does that
make anyone less authentic less a
feminist less about womanhood if they
value creating a family with a man hooks
is absolutely right in stating that men
must do the work of inner and outer
transformation if emotional violence
against black females is to end so how
does she miss the message of Beyonce's
husband being invested in her and their
family intimate loving relationship and
we really trust the carrying images of
jay-z which concludes this narrative I
mean that is far too easy of a dismissal
we are not less of a feminist for loving
another for having said love betrayed
for going through the emotions and
finding that love or a new love again
that we can move beyond that moment
where we feel less than that we should
never be invisible
we should find pride and our
vulnerability and we should understand
that each woman is you need through our
love our rage our pain our triumph our
freedom we are each very different and
deserving of celebration in our own
right what will be great to see
it's bellhops taking a step back taking
the time to understand how the identity
of black women has involved in the 21st
century we can both learn something here
while host can celebrate the privilege
mediocrity of Emma Watson's feminism she
can give more credence to the dynamicism
of what beyonce is do on the pop culture
stage that she alone
Domon and what that means for the black
girl in 2016 who constantly sees pieces
of herself co-opted for public
consumption by white women and it's told
that she the black girl is too black to
ever be good enough members Emma's in
the lemonade make it sweet have a sit it
could be quite refreshing do you want to
see more smart brown girl content like
this support by becoming a smart blond
girl patron today or checking out any of
the smart brown girl merchandise that's
listed in the description box below
thank you smart brown girls stay awesome
