join the smart brown girl producer
circle for two to five dollars or more
you can support smart brown girl
enabling the movement to become a
community of resources that benefits you
and women of color around the world as a
black woman catering to an audience of
black women trying to convince the older
white men in power that we are worthy of
opportunity is an uphill battle
so let's provide our own opportunities
and help to launch the smart brown girl
podcasts tour scholarship fund and
flourishing community of Awesome smart
brown girls visit patreon that comes on
stool tea and become a smart bronco
patron today it's Julie if you want to
see more of this content be sure to my
blessed crop top I can't give you a full
finger because I'm I have unbothered
iPhone cases they only come in iPhone
because that manufacturer only does
iPhone cases for iPhone 6 and 6s plus
and then there's a state lesson I'm
probably one but mine is just unbothered
and I also have graduation ones that I'm
going to roll out in several different
colorways if you should already follow
me on snapchat those who don't my
favorite pastime is throwing shade at
the zodiac sign that's not do all the
signs the other day about men and dating
based on the zodiac video on it I've
done a video on astrology with my
astrologer Sam Reynolds so click the eye
above for more details and there's much
more to finding the person's
characteristics in their Sun side these
are just generalizations if you want to
know more need to get your birth chart
done at least know your Sun your rising
and your moon side but let's get into
the fun of over generalizing about the
Ben folk of the buff boys alright cuz we
bless and I'll bother as long as you're
quiet my text inside of an Aries
my sunshine I have never dated in other
areas because it's just never worked out
Aries all battle with how much we give a
 while knowing that we do give a
 like do I really want to get rose
with this day don't I want to look cute
for me but what happens we married and
then they have that rollover it is my
morning face-to-face they wake up to
with the face they love both areas tend
to have a quirky sense of style because
we don't care but we care but we're
always on bother
I like tourists thank you great things
with the lights are off but tourists all
seek to be understood and to understand
though for the men that understanding
usually comes after the fact they want
to talk when it's too damn late
because it went to the last minute to
fix something they love to eat they love
food and are hard workers once they
figure out what work they want to do
blowing studies sometimes it works
sometimes it doesn't
Gemini they are crazy they are
manipulative and I know there will be so
many Gemini's in the comments like why
must we always be slandered cookie on
environment and Kanye you doing any
service to your reputation it's just a
lot of ego and geminis they have a
genuine curiosity to then makes them
feel like they have a better perception
of the world than others and typically
they do have a deeper understanding but
it doesn't come from a place of
compassion
hence the manipulation that they just
see it's protecting that ego itself but
really it's just playing my game who do
you think you're sparring the next
person and they are glad it's cuz a
Gemini may we'll sit and talk with you
for hours not talking at you or signing
listen button can you do an intimate
conversation have you think there's some
special connection to flip some and
if you do the same things you have to
does to you and growth is run run fast
and far away cancer water signs get a
tough breath Pisces Scorpio and cancer
but I'm fine Kansas to be the most
enjoyable and least lethal though that's
not saying much
cancers love they mama and you better
like they mama jewel because ain't
nobody overstep in that relationship
they can be hella romantic and openly
emotional and just as jealous or
overbearing they are most like to be
petty as and publicly flesh a view
and most likely their Washington colors
and turn for long hotel then and geminis
that the hotep tendencies o kings is
gonna be fun and turn up with you just
have to make sure they not turning up
outside no hey Leo Leo the Lion I had
never
and eyelash litleo because they always
give me the lazy 5 I'm just trying
to test that theory I'm just sticking
with it
I'll get my wrong let me wear this does
not go for the women though because as
leo is the lion the lioness is the
hunter worker in the relationship right
now their quirky awkwardness can
manifest in so many ways but they are so
busy overthinking everything
Ferno men i'm hesitantly good on because
that there's so harder themselves once
they get comfortably in love with
someone how hard will they be on that
person they are not linear thinker so
good luck we're trying to get them to
explain their explanations but it makes
so much sense to them this is a sign
that does well both men and women with
folks with shrunk I mean inequalities in
their chart so someone like a Pisces
Aries also do really well Aries men will
do well with someone who exudes a lot of
femininity charge the Pisces Libra the
beautiful people that can never ever
make up their minds and have the slow
burn but in a blink hey Berta 100 and he
will make the Peacekeeper with a bad
temper on below
they are big on presentation and that
doesn't necessarily mean dressed but it
can also mean status how you perceive
them in their way of lying or home their
career and just Scorpio now my rising
sign is in Gemini which means I'm big on
communication I like to talk and Scorpio
is the least communicative they do not
like to express their feelings their
talk about the emotions do not let Drake
fool you he is in my fantasies I like to
think about surface emotions that don't
mean like talk about how he feels
about your new boyfriend or that man he
thinks is your new boyfriend no never
mind about actually discussion y'all
relationship cuz Scorpio behavior and
they definitely have a dark side though
how dark and how it manifests depends on
the other sides in their birth chart
like all the water signs Pisces came in
Scorpio they have a giving side though
is usually when the light and clothes
are off as soon as you switches light
back on girl
completely different person totally
different when they do talk about their
feelings it is so in tune with
and protecting I you gonna have to work
through how many ways you can say so you
wouldn't think about me about you and I
the we Sagittarius are they are fun to
 go laugh and it refers to be like
it wasn't me nope not not taking upon
any parts on this one they will protect
their and come for you if they even
think you did something that cover wises
their well-being or you had any parts of
it or not forget about having the
opportunity to explain it to them
the most outwardly friendly they keep a
rotation of diverse people in their life
they are competitive assured and fun to
be around just don't wait for any
apologies Capricorn the strategic hope
it will always do what's best for them
in the long run they can be some of the
most disciplined people though unlike
virgos they're not as wire me and they
tend to be more linear thinkers but that
whole game is wrong because the men see
themselves as leaders provocateurs
strong black guys Negro that shall be a
light in their time to be thoughtful in
their right to such arena they are the
capricious go spinner they will kind of
ho off with the whip of messiness in the
air like you they don't have to have a
real reason they just kind of felt like
the fragrance was no might be a
capricorns favorite word Aquarius as I
like to color this pool I can't
even get that out of a straight face
because I should just be nice my whole
family is Aquarius I have an Aquarian
close close friends but they're still
the most aloof and the better they just
think and see the world differently and
to everyone else it can come across like
they have blinders on like they are
being super selfish though they
themselves don't see it that way
for me it always does I got to be ready
to do and give more than I can expect
from them and what if for the friendship
to work
let aloofness though it's hard to deal
with when this is someone you're
emotionally and intimately connected to
well romantic and airy they will be like
oh yeah I'm not available cuz I need to
study but we'll be out the next day
before the test with Fryman pisces
pretty petty with a superior love for
the woman's body there's two fish in the
Pisces symbol they can be pious and
asexual or oh-ho-ho-ho-ho swim in the
blue sea they have an infinite ability
to say something they believe in the
moment and then blink they don't we get
any more outwardly sensitive
of nice things material tangible things
and just solved this is a very feminine
sign he might be a man's man but he went
to love the cuddle and spoon and lay up
under your Bodhi all day long and Pisces
definitely need attention like they will
notice if you did not ask them how they
that is going so do we care everybody
now just remember your birth charts
matter because you could take any of
these signs and the person with a strong
opposing sign and they're writing our
moon will not fit the generalities of
their Sun Sign Real Housewives of
Atlanta gives a really good breakdown of
like the generalities of all the signs
and that Cynthia is a Pisces she don't
never mean what she's fat pay Porsha is
a cancer though heart rate the time on
your head at any point in time and her
appearance matter nene leakes is a
Sagittarius well always ready to point
the blame at someone else but can't
never take the blame for herself Phaedra
is a Scorpio the communication skills
you just be like sis all you had to say
kandi is a Taurus always was to
understand her conflict with Phaedra she
don't just want the apology she wants to
understand the root of how their
friendship took the brakeman and took a
Harris lady lady you need to go ahead
and get that 4c natural hair bye
darlings let me know what's your
favorite sign and a manga size you
absolutely win that date for me is just
Pisces that's the only one I'm really
mad and you alright
