hey guys is Judy and I'm back with
another review for underground so
because this is such a deep show I had
to get a beverage together I'm gonna be
sipping along slowly if you are down to
support the smart brown girl movement a
pledge to my patreon will be much
appreciated in the next week or so I
will start posting some patreon only
exclusive content and I'm trying to make
it more of like a smart brown girl board
or like producers circle so I have the
four seed natural hair guide the guide
for the extra kinky coily girl who
thought that baby hairs and sleek updos
would spring forth but they ain't so
girl uh-huh
there is always a smart brown girl shop
I'm going to be adding some ice I'm
gonna be adding some new items in the
very near future and always send it on
my collection of short stories I have
autographed copies available and it's
available internationally on amazon.com
did I get that all in have I shot it out
every way they can sports up my brown
girl financially come join the movement
and being a part of it let's get it
poppin alright so I did not review last
week's episode because was I out of town
I don't know if I'm gonna do this every
other week or weekly it just depends on
how much I have to say about a
particular ad bus so today we're gonna
be recapping episodes 5 & 6 I feel like
I'm so far to call all's fair and then
let me look at my notes and episode
secrets called troubled waters so you're
back so I go bye goodbye Batman this is
just me or have you realized how easy it
is for you to fall into viewing the
characters as slaves as cattle like in
episode 5 when we see our master making
putting out the bounty on their head and
saying 1000 is it $500 for each of them
or $1,000 for each of them it's some
number whether it's five or a thousand
especially when you think about there's
not infrastructure doesn't exist I think
that's probably something we overlooked
in the United States a lot is how much
infrastructure we have and how much
access that provides us to things and
that it makes these gaps or this
technology indication wealth a lot
smaller even though we saw the ways to
go because there's ways for you to climb
the infrastructure ladder to you know
change your life or better your life or
create a career or whatever for yourself
so back in 1857 when the show is set you
know how is one really establishing
themselves how why making a career you
know there's not a lot of options maybe
I have a better understanding of that
now that I'm
like Ghana and I'm like that was my big
question there it's like how do people
establish themselves here like where do
you go for work like you go to school
sure you get an education but what do
you do with that education like they're
like who do you go work for because I'm
the American mindset in modern day
Society we go work for someone but back
then that wasn't the infrastructure to
have corporations or company that you go
work for you really kind of are living
off the land so all that to say five
hundred to a thousand per head is a lot
of money and I keep catching myself
during the show being like why are you
doing that like you would slave but
it's like but why why am i equating them
to cattle why am i acquainting them to
ownership of somebody else why am i so
quick to diminish their ability to
survive to fight for the humidity I
don't know like how quickly do I feed
into new systems of oppression myself
like a child who I live in 2016 Lord I
had to give a shot at that underground
co-created by a black woman by a smart
brown girl Misha
greed that's maybe even prouder like it
was when her pearly Mae got caught I
knew it was gonna be all bad everything
when making put out the order to get his
slaves back and he said dead or alive at
that point I knew it was a rat because
back in the slave days your your slave
is worse way more alive and they are
dead and for him to put out that big of
a bounty and be willing to accept a dead
body back he's trying to set an example
like this is an embarrassment this is
more about his ego than it is
necessarily about the ownership or the
loss of a workforce someone pearly Mae
has brought back and he's making her
example of her that imagery of her pin
to the cross is kind of it's definitely
there's definitely some very heavy
motifs in that especially with as we get
into episode 6 with how they're dealing
discussions about how Christianity is
kind of brought on forced onto the
slaves Christianity was adopted into
them in a hostile forcefully used
against them had the heavy imagery but I
think it also speaks to kind of even
before that she had kind of already made
that sacrifice like that imagery to me
is just kind of what pearly made his
entire existence all on that plantation
happening for every other black woman
who bore children that she necessarily
didn't have her right to but she fought
tooth and nail for it just
here at heart such strong imagery in
comparison to the representation of
white women on this show and I think
what the kind of underlying thing that
underground is speaking to is how long
in Hollywood and media the kind of white
fragility of white women during the
antebellum period in that day were like
these innocent bystanders in this very
very as the white men would like to call
it necessary evil did you ever take a
peek you SS three in high school I did I
definitely my learning about slavery as
a necessary evil Shabbos how much 10%
recording that nigga you
know it's parallel to that of or
perpendicular to that of the imagery
that we're seeing of the white women in
the show and that's a I'm allowed it
might not be very strong but they have a
voice within the household and within
the oppression or the system oppression
that exists in order to keep black
people as cattle I make its character
going into Episode six I almost kind of
he's too easy to box it like it's he
that singular it's he that lacking Oh
kind of like nuances he's very cliche
almost to a fault when partly man goes
into a room prepped by Ernestine to deal
with time makin and make his wife walk
say what's her name Susanna or something
Joanie I don't even deserve her to call
her by her first name she and I'm gonna
bitch to me do you really really believe
that this woman would have granted
pearly Mae her freedom have pearly Mae
led them to the slaves
I don't trust none of them no nice Beach
was talking to Sallie Mae Sallie Mae
bitch let me never say that partly my
name like that but when she was talking
apparently Mae what she suggests think
that they are kin that is that just
super ignorant of me to assume that
because she's brown skin she couldn't be
a offspring of the slave owner and I
think you know it kind of almost calls
out our all of our own prejudice because
none of us ever considered that pearly
Mae might know how to read because she
had been in the house and had possibly
been how easy we are just to make these
assumptions about this deeply ingrained
colorism
unless I had to check my all the
way like Oh bitch why do you even think
about whose field and coat it on purpose
so that it would kind of like hit you
right in your color
like pooping on that guy right out of
you that last little bit you got in
there in 26 Plato it's just I don't make
it hard for the light-skinned beige
folks out here in his world he is full
on a house cat ate ass Negro Chris
Brown syndrome in 1857 he shot Zeke and
for Zeke into being a sacrifice for them
and low-key I don't know that any of
them would have survived had that not
happened to Zeke but it's awesome I
wanted to you gotta be that one I
ever trust that Kato was really thinking
about anyone besides himself Zeke was
like Thor zip shut that down
nick is like understand that everybody
isn't gonna survive on the show because
it's it's real life but it still just so
hard to see characters lose their life I
felt very conflicted about the scene
with pearly Mae and Ernestine where
Ernestine essentially poisons and kills
pearly Mae I understand as Doug dizzle
my ol G for life but that doesn't
necessarily mean that I sing praises
when another slave loses Blee because
she doesn't end it with the chance for
freedom and Ernestine couldn't give that
risk and trying to convince her to
consider her daughter like technically
Ernestine is just as selfish as pearly
Mae it just happens that whatever her
two daughters survived currently other
people have to survive but if it was
flipped
I feel like Erna see what I saw them all
out to these thing is it's just running
and how far away have they run if August
is still on their tail again Kelo stay
doing that I want to be like you
boom I can't stand you you just as one
slippery slimy El DeBarge ass negro I
won't with you but when he kicked
that white boy off the boat and cuz I
wasn't there like why are they talking
about there they're trying to go are
there plans in front of this white guy
like as soon as he runs to another white
person he's not gonna run and tell them
everything they are worse Monty it's
like some legit Hunger Games except
for like this is historically factual
presence of Native Americans coming into
this show I'm a little bit unsure about
because the show is set in 1857 or at
least
the Wikipedia page said and the Indian
Removal Act of 1830 so I believe Georgia
is east of the Mississippi which means
that most of the most of the Native
Americans would have been removed and it
wasn't really like how logic how likely
is it that they Native Americans would
be able to coexist amongst the white man
considering the trello terrorists has
long happened by this point so but I get
it for effects like I get it but it's
also like for a fact where the Indians
really down that damn a black folk back
then um
Rosa Lee does out of the line that the
Indians owned us as slaves as well I
don't brother that's a whole lot of like
my new show of history that I'd have to
look into I feel like episode 6 was like
a set up episode because I was up with a
lot of questions specifically around the
Reverend and his kind of blacks
sicinius Lee rather than confronting
time making about his indiscretions his
are the perceived indiscretions with
Ernestine he called Ernestine a Jezebel
when he goes to baptize her and then I
don't know he was a JIT trying to like
tell her lady and I knew it was coming I
knew he was gonna hold her underwater
for longer than necessary this old
raggedy ass oh I don't know how a black
person in this day and age could ever
walk into a Southern Baptist Church that
 just there's a big old one right
down here downtown Dallas First Baptist
of Dale is and this dude an endorsed
Donald Trump for president and I'm i lo
keem I walk in there and just to see
what's about but I just feel like I'm
gonna be harken back to the days of
lynching Jim Crow and slavery like I
almost gonna feel like my livelihood is
in immediate jeopardy
to get back to the gun and the door kind
of thing when he sees and I seen take a
shot and then when Ernestine admits to
killing pearly Mae and then he's like
using his blood to create the different
colors of red for the the Reverend to
paint with which was totally I don't
know you guys clock that it was really
interesting to see how he takes
household items to create different
colors of paints I was rewinding so much
last night how they got class
hi Dwight me in a midnight chimney like
that what is going on I finally got to
an episode last night without needing a
drink like I did not walk away from last
night I'm so extra man I mean probably
because Rosalie walked out the swamp
with the engines with the Indians the
Native Americans I was like are we gonna
reference some of the struggles that
they went through and how those dynamics
worked in Georgia in 1857 because I
thought they had none welcome to Native
Americans in North Dakota at this point
but maybe I'm wrong maybe I feel like
Native Americans in the present-day
society are one of the most overlooked
demographics that have the hardest time
speaking out about the atrocities that
they face but oh that's just the rough
one and I'll be interesting to see how
underground deals with that in the
coming episode so let me know in the
comments down below what you thought
about it
Earnestine co-writer guy you stole my
heart like that brah this show is so
good I will be tuned in every week I am
on my seat the suspension is so real
thanks for watching support smart brown
girl thumbs up if you enjoyed this video
and buy-in this smart brown girl
movement we have a patreon the e-book my
book and shop smart brown girl that cop
check me out snapchat do
