hey guys it's Josie and I have heard
your requests so thumbs up because it
helps in so many ways that you don't
even know and let me know if you would
like to see more videos of this kind I
am going to start reviewing underground
the slave period TV series that airs on
WGN I understand quite a few people
bristle at the idea of another slave
narrative being shown on TV or in the
movies we have other programs that
entirely negate the idea that slave
narratives are the only media being
shown entire TV stations have changed
their TV programming to cater to the
black community
hello vh1 and historical pieces are done
across the cultural landscape are Jews
tired of hearing about the Holocaust are
white people tired of the mystic lands
of Europe during them age Vikings I'm
tired a 15th century war of roses esque
period pieces said no one ever while
watching Game of Thrones or any of the
other bevy of TV programs that looks
eerily similar to the formatting of Game
of Thrones more white people in Knights
armor oh boy
Lavery is a part of african-american
history and it doesn't make us less then
compared to others in the Diaspora
slavery is just as much a part of West
African culture and slaves have been
repatriating since the advent of the
transatlantic slave trade influencing
the cultural landscape from the Bight of
Biafra our body all the way up north to
Cape Verde I recently went to Ghana and
I came back hella proud of my ancestors
who laid the foundation of African
American culture not to get too deep
because I know at some point I need to
do a video on the culture of African
Americans because for whatever reason
people think we don't have one I mean
we're a new culture yes we've been
around for maybe a little over 300 years
but even these cultures that so many
African Americans are taking DNA tests
to rush back to West Africa and claim
you know a lot of the cultural norms
that they hold don't shoot me
you know what
Christianity in Africa so let's not be
ashamed that slavery was the precipice
that led to the cultural shift that
created the culture of african-americans
because every ethnic group and therefore
culture in West Africa ain't that
neither they might be just as new as we
are some of the most loudest and
proudest ones if you look at the
etymology our manifestation of
imperialism that happened in the
seventeen hundreds let go of your
hesitation and I'd behoove you to just
watch this show is excellent starting
off with John Legend being an executive
producer on the show allowing for him to
kind of throw around his celebrity
weight and bring on Raphael Saadiq as
co-composer and that means the music and
this is like a white bra
the show starts off using Kanye West's
very controversial song black skinhead
which sets the precedent for the kind of
hard-hitting aggressive modern like
bring you in draw you in cathartic high
low yes what is happening right now
music that is used throughout the series
it is good so much of that I might need
to start putting the other playlists of
all the songs they use in the show it is
that good to be honest I am a bit
hesitant about the subplot of Noah and
Rosa Lee and their little love story cuz
of this clown is like cliche a brute and
black phil slave falling for the
light-skinned wavy and baby haired house
slave don't trust him sugar cubes
Rosalie okay I have in different ways do
we see this in Hollywood do from law
order christopher meloni about to lose
all his cool points and he ranked up
with the black community aaron alden
episode the Special Victims Unit
cuz he is playing the very sly and slick
and duplicitous poor white man turned
slave catcher August Pullman my feelings
were so hurt in episode 1 where he
controlled that runaway into believing
that he could help her escape up north
or help her on the Underground Railroad
essentially only to then turn her in and
collect the bounty on catching her like
but I think his character is very
necessary as it shows the foundation of
racism amongst poor right almost as the
sordid necessity toward survive
Lester from the wire the actor's name is
Clark Peters he plays I don't know if
he's a slave of August or just a black
man that gets housed by I don't know
what Teddy told August Sun he was asking
what his father does and he tells us
tale of two bulls at war and the wolf
who wins is the wolf that you feed and
so I don't know how much are gonna paint
this August Pullman slave catcher
character as being explained texture
catcher out of necessity because I don't
think that's honest but I do think that
is a part of his story and that he does
it because he needs the money but I
think he also does it because he
believes that he has some right over
black people and then he does believe
that black or some sort of Catalan he
could turn in for money I mean he just
chooses to hurt this cattle because it's
profitable hopefully it will highlight
how even though a lot of white people
who did not own slaves they fed into the
ecosystem that allowed black people to
remain enslaved Cato the light-skinned
nigger with the burn on his face
damn near validates all the shade that
light-skinned people have been receiving
for the past century or so about to do
more damage than Chris Brown has done he
reaffirms that light-skinned people to
act like house cats that should have
still a funniest issue I don't ever
heard in my entire life and clearly I
know what am i what are you Julie what
are you I'm not in denial but my bigot
came through in the clutch last episode
we are four episodes in I would try to
do week by week in every book since we
wrapping this all up you know we could
just talk about one through four right
but he came to first of all we learned
about his backstory about why his side
his face was burned because he had tried
to run away several times and that
desire towards freedom towards being
treated like a true human being has
never left to be really appreciate thus
far in this series them showing the
intelligence of the slaves without it
being like oh oh my gosh by Wally jeez
is that a book with letters in it uh-huh
I know some oil wives tales is gonna
save your soul you know there is this
highbrow level of intelligence that
these slaves hold and you know they
might not be
educated by the Western letter but they
are smart in their their courage for all
the Cato's gallantry in the last episode
in helping the slaves to run away even
though they left behind Rosalie little
brother I feel bad for that Negro I do
wonder how Cato's ego and relationship
while they're on the run will hold up
with Noah because they got a
back-and-forth that is like you know
Noah in Episode two I believe or was a
three-set um Cato up that he had ended
up having to sleep with one of the older
white women who was like known for
plucking black slaves up to come to her
quarters late to the evening he had the
services fat on a white bitch oh I still
be bad in the ER I mean I don't know how
mad I would be trying to get to freedom
but I mean Cato out a lot of ego
Ernestine it's my Mane with the flick of
them cheekbones I should I do this
naturally kind toward she's played by a
Mirren van and she is just episode 2 run
with me featured a very provocative sex
scene between Ernestine and master Tom
make it and it showed you kind of what
Ernest T's role is inside the house
thought it was a well done sex scene
considering the roles in that you know
it definitely harped on a lot of the
stereotypes of african-american women
and their sexuality but it also kind of
threw it back in your face because this
wasn't Ernestine it's not some oversexed
woman but she's using her body as a
means for survival and obviously the
domination she has because this white
man is weakest like weak as much as
we might want to shade or slander or
tyrita she thinks it's ever okay to
utter the words Negro bed wench and
another black woman it's not that this
was it was this was something done out
of love this was a very deep need for
survival and it's something that still
happens to this day and that we still
have war going on throughout much of the
world and women and children in 2016 are
being used as weapons of war and so to
kind of take back that victimhood and
then use your body as a sense of
survival I think there's a lot of deeper
and how we attack women and how they use
their sex for survival and how we
describe this kind of slave narrative of
the black woman who was kind of plucked
from the plantation to be the mistress
of the white slave owner and as I does
she really have a choice in the matter
like am I getting too deep here for you
money but Ernestine is first and
foremost a mother who's going to protect
her family at all cost which leads us to
pearly Mae who in the last episode
August displayed catch her role this
nigga to slip dad died August he rolled
up on him at the the bridge I don't know
why parlor did to keep running because
would he have really shot her a deadly a
where I don't know I don't know
where I'm supposed to be at with this
but she turned around and surrendered
herself it impede attend from rang out
to the rest of the slave heat on her
husband you know whatever you got to do
get our daughter to freedom lightning if
you got to die and her daughter to free
die but that was like some real
self-sacrifice because what is she going
back to like she going to this is not
what she's going back to the plantation
to where she's going to be made an
example of like she's going to be beaten
as close to death as possible then put
to work this is brutal the white man
do-gooder in the abolitionist lawyer
John Hawkes I'm still trying to wrap up
how I feel about him because I don't
know that I have room for sympathy for
white people and a show about Slade I
was definitely like bitch you right when
his wife Olli told him he deserved that
whipping she had to hand him while being
held hostage by a slave who swore up and
down that John Hawkes was a white man
who sold his wife up river to another
plantation that slave being played by
Jesse Somali who like its axis cousin
came all the way up he was convinced
those that row you're crazy
Joe Hoffs white realizes that he really
did sell this man's wife when he was
like you know just another day at work
for me I mean yeah he's saying that
shit's like guilty like I'm sure he has
some empathy but she was like well you
deserved it then you deserved that whip
it I was like I agree with a white woman
and a slave
I feel bad for you but meet you right
you right you know the idea of walking
across the southern United States up
north towards freedom you know the sweet
spot the golden spice Candida but this
underground second place to Georgia
Kennedy a forest right getting it
far you I get through all these states
to Canada so most slaves who were
escaping via the Underground Railroad
their goal was just to get across the
mason-dixon on the east coast or up into
Ohio Indiana or Illinois which are still
quite the options considering but and
then depending on what year it was you
can get your ass snatch back take them
back to the plantation even once you
made it to them free state what about
the weather like winter is a thing it's
not really a seasonal time of year where
there's no rain what about tornadoes
hurricanes a the climate that was like
brother
this is wild and I'll be watching the
show of one to bust out my reporter and
play that version of the drinking gourd
I learned back in the third grade yeah
but I also like genuinely appreciate the
struggle my ancestors went through to
allow us to all be shallow as neros who
don't want to watch late marriages like
to have the freedom of choice to be
shallow in a country where we were not
even seen as human beings and that my
ancestors fought for this right is so
meaningful no it's like think about how
we live today how little we have a will
to fight or really stand for anything
and I mean this is inclusive of African
Americans and you two over there you the
recent immigrant to this country you
first and second-generation girl me your
family would baby stoops while
suggesting that my people were hoodlums
if it weren't for these slaves who took
the risk of fleeing towards freedom up
north and even more so those who took
the walk back again to free more of
their people swing low sweet
Thank You Harriet Tubman and all you
other a named black folk who not only
carried so many of us to freedom but
brought over pieces of the culture of
the land that they were ripped from
retain those to make something so
succulent as the culture of
african-americans and the influence that
we have over the world today you might
not want to be us but you love our
culture underground is great I will
definitely try to get up weekly weekly
reviews which means I might have to
shift around the days that I do smart
brown girl videos I'm thinking about
moving that to Monday anyway
because who would like to start off
their week with the awesome discussion
that helps us look better as smart brown
girls join me along the discussion I
will try to get these reviews up and
that's how me fashion we try to do
better and let me know if you want to
see more reviews like this thumbs up if
you like my hair I love my hair it's
grown I'm giving you I'm Vanessa TZ from
your snapchat you know what that means
um but I'll probably do a facial video
announcement on this but I have
published an e-book when I left the
natural hair community two years ago I
did write an e-book I have now published
it on black education calm it is only in
PDF format there is no hard copy it is
to help all my smart brown girls who I
left behind when I stop talking about my
4 C natural hair it's called the guy for
the extra kinky coily girl who thought
that baby hairs and sleek updos would
spring forward I'm funny it's lit I have
a link down below we could purchase it
now I need your support as I expand the
smart brown girl movement and I get my
itch right because people try to come
for me
illegally anyway that nobody alright
thanks for watching deuces
