hey guys it's Josie and I know it's been
a while I've been quite lethargic and
just recording videos and deleting them
didn't take Opinion Outpost for this
video
a peena-pod comments a website where you
can take surveys and you can earn cash
gift cards such as Amazon or iTunes gift
cards it's basically like market
research but you can pay to do it and
it's not like oh and try rocks well we
might give you a gift card like you
actually earn the rewards depending on
this type of surveys and how many
surveys you take and I will have a link
down below in the description box you
can click and get started on taking some
surveys so thanks again to Opinion
Outpost for sponsoring this video so all
the details about my hair I did a video
about my hair getting my hair braided in
South Africa so I thought it only right
for me to do a video about my experience
in Accra Ghana since it's so interesting
that people have so many like negative
opinions about getting your hair braided
on the continent considering that even
in the States a lot of Labor and a lot
of work on your hands that most people
who tend to be writers or recent
immigrants so I don't really get the
disconnect and when like I tell you oh I
want to get my hair braids and they're
like oh girl be careful be careful girls
I'll be knowing but I have to like
really give a shout out to I'm a mama
cause like girl I want to shout out the
AMA that I met in Ghana but I met her
because I'm a mama so you didn't change
my whole life there the other AMA whose
last name I can't pronounce my soul war
was not really there for the bulk of my
stay in Ghana but she was someone that I
could like hit up and just ask about
what to do and it was just so like I I
know I have to do a video on my overall
experience on Ghana I know I'm I'm its
complex girl you know I'm not a simple
person my it's never just oh I loved it
I'm just never gonna be that person it
was really good because imma is Bonet in
but she could have an estate since she
now lives in Accra and she has a lot of
family and like COO masti she's someone
that kind of understood why I was asking
the questions I was asking having lived
in America but I also had a local
perspective and so she could just guide
me in the right direction and just so
cest with my hair I love it
that it's been it'll be three months on
April 4th and I might just I might just
keep it in that long
birthdays March 25th I will be turning
31 my pillbox was down below if you want
to say me something but I'm just like I
love the compliments I get I love the
hair I just love every I love the look I
love the experience getting my hair done
that I just I don't want to take it out
now I know and I feel like my edges is
fine what you say
come on my hair done three times over
the seven weeks that I stayed in that
prize and it's not just because it's
cheap but the quality light let me
slightly look at it's been all over girl
it's even it's silky down like look at
these tips look at that look look how
would I get this quality in the States
people get here at brand-new I knew that
I wanted to get my hair braided at least
twice now the first time I actually
didn't really have a good experience and
that's because I got my hair braided the
day I Linda and I cry the people that
were hosting us this family they called
in we were in lark Tobiah Koshy
and they called in somebody local to
come braid my hair and she's the girl
that braids all their hair in the house
now it is a house of older women I'll
speak God and you know they're Ghanaian
and so this is a different aesthetic
it's a different interaction with the
hair braider and I was left at the house
with the hair braider and then the house
lady I took I brought my own hair
because I got twists similar to the
style that I actually got done in South
Africa and so I brought my purple ombr√©
Marley hair and I brought twelve packs
of it so I took receded to take the
Marley hair and brush it out and I am
trying to tell this woman that you don't
brush out Marley hair the biggest waste
and I just didn't want to listen to me
she's an app and the stoops and I'm just
like brah like you know it's my first
day and I'm like well maybe I just don't
understand the culture maybe she knows
something I don't know I don't really
feel like arguing woman I hadn't yet
figured that all I gotta do is make the
sounds back people will like a clap back
if you understand your hair and you
could communicate that to the
hairstylist I wouldn't be so hyper
worried about my edges falling off of my
leg right my hair I think people who had
really bad experiences we're getting
their hair braided and I'll Chanel and I
think of it it's making sense now why
people have because
in West African culture you don't speak
up like customer service just it ain't
even a thing girl they don't exist and
then on top of it when it's somebody
who's older than you are older you don't
really you don't talk back like you
don't tell them that you don't like
something you don't tell them that
you're really uncomfortable you eat it
until it's done you let them do what
they got to do especially if they kind
of at you that's actually a is to tell
you to check you like shut up
and I'm Americans now so i just got my
americans on it back but i can see why
some people who are especially people
that are good name by heritage and they
go back and they feel like they just
kind of let the girl do whatever she has
to do to get their hair done and they
don't speak up and say nothing
yeah i'm not about that life mmm that's
when i met
i'ma and she put me on she put me on to
uncie Alice's hair salon let me tell you
why auntie Alice is the ish now let's
see a list apparently has a Great
backstory but she has time to tell me I
tried to catch I tried to catch her she
was our girl can't you see I'm in the
business here is busy owns a braiding
school the location and I look I had the
time of my life trying to pronounce the
different areas and I cried out they
just be dropping whole syllables
alright so ts EAD do is shadow that's
that's how I pronounce a shadow
it's by fair trade behind Zenith college
so another thing if you happen to be not
native to Ghana and you're trying to get
get around by taking the taxis or the
the to toots
the um buses that I ain't never girl was
not about that life either Google Maps
has different street names then um the
street signs actually say so I think the
government sometime last do you decide
that oh we should put up street signs
and they just randomly like name Street
so you literally have to give landmarks
where you go I thought I packed my deep
conditioner but apparently I left it in
the back to get my car but I did have my
favorite hair moisturizer that's the
video you can see - oh I had to let them
wash my hair now though another
interesting kind of observation about
Ghana is that um so our people natural
no I wouldn't say they're natural
because it's like a thing I say they
were
naturally because of like the cost of
getting a relaxer people that are
natural because of what it means to them
are a very small subset and they tend to
be more of the privileged the more
educated subset it's just it's kind of
mind-boggling to be in a country where
the resources that we use as the base
for our natural hair care products come
directly from this country right like
shea butter allowed the herbs as you saw
my Alafia video they're coming from this
region of the world and this same region
doesn't get the same access to haircare
products for their own hair there is
something to be said about cream of
nature having a huge billboard in our
cry with Africa Miranda on it with like
curly ringlets of hair you know it's
like okay and America that would be like
a yes we love it great representation of
the black woman I love seeing this black
this billboard driving on the highway
but in our cry we're like the melanin is
more richer and deeper where the bulk of
the women have you know hair texture
similar to mines seeing a curly girl add
just a lot of dark and lovely but dark
and lovely for relaxed hair products
like they just it's not necessarily all
on us either because the government
doesn't necessarily make it easy to
import stuff but you know yo you got an
action company holla at the US Embassy
they want to see you come back over I
don't I've never lived a life where raw
shea butter really helps my hair so I
kind of had to take a risk
I say let's to say when I went to see
Alice's it was like can you condition my
hair the conditioner that you still
drive my hair out quite a bit but the
girl washed my hair and for a six-cd
which is like too American like a dollar
and change that was like one of the best
like hair massages I ever had
she had an attitude because like when
she tried to go the cheap like the way
she was detangling my hair just like ooh
sis sis like I appreciate the misogyny
like you are really you are doing the
damn thing with my scout but you can't
like detangle my hair and then massage
it after because you're just tangling it
back up so like you know I love it we
could keep going we could keep massaging
for the next hour but like we got a
detangle and then
then I they had like our hair products
from like when I was in sixth grade like
1990s hair products so there was Jam
there was like the old school purple
dark and lovely and pro jell-o is just
just by a girl is not good for your hair
because I definitely went to a store
that has Shea Moisture young woman who I
lived in Brooklyn and came back and
opened up a store in La bode the Shea
Moisture - coconut the orange bottle
deep conditioner was for d40
American dollars she tried it so the
first time I got was like the double
twist with the small braids going into
it I just I decided to get that style
because I was like you know getting your
hair braided is so cheap around here
this isn't a style that I would ever get
done in the States because I didn't know
at the time how it would turn out like I
didn't have a look cute on it was one
good to see a woman on a business
because I think if you you notice a lot
of times in the natural community these
bigger companies are always around by
men it was great because all the girls
spoke English the girls were super nice
I love that they were young that they
were learning a trade that essentially
they can go and open their own braid
shops and they they had a level of
customer service that was just so vital
Alice comes and checks everybody's hair
as it's being done and she tells you the
price altogether for my two cornrow
style which just oh it was so bomb it
was so beautiful I coming in for about
three weeks I think I spent also kind of
like 30 American dollars that includes
the hair and the wash and then I took my
hair out and I ended up taking my
homegirl Nicole back with me the second
time to get my hair braided I do think I
was charged me higher the second time
around because I am American but I it
still wasn't that much one girl
literally I believe it in was grace I
really went to tip her but I couldn't
find her after she just did an amazing
job on my hair and she did the bulk of
it her sounds I simply showed them a
picture of 2po the girl who I believe I
found out about her I went pique mill
hat twist similar to this wasn't even a
full-length picture was literally her
head like cropped and I was like wow I
love my braids like this and they did it
they charged me a hundred and twenty CD
to get it done I spent about thirty six
dollars getting my hair done like this
pretty
awesome about interesting women were
coming in like on their lunch break or
right after work their hair is already
braided or in twist and getting pinup
styles done I wish I had enough time to
just the girl was like working her magic
people get their hair braided at the
other shops I'm just trying to tell you
let's see Alice slays down I will link
everything down below and I'm just I'm
in amazement because like look it's
growing out I know I have the little
white spots that I got out like it's
gonna be a problem when I take this out
but we hold on to this but my ear hasn't
frizz like look at this quality I'm
obsessed
I'm in love but I'm feeling cute though
do you like it let me know in the
comments down below two things
you
