are you up early enough that the moon
brought some moon is still out that's
like five I look at this one I had the
amazing opportunity to travel to Ghana
and Togo with the Alafia brand first
stop without crowd with star Rock she
wasn't part of the team but I would not
have survived Ghana without her so shout
out to the cold cotton candy playground
and hey Fred hey and shameless Maya a
crowd was a stopover you'll see more of
that in my later vlogs and I stayed
behind for another month
with the ladies we quickly hit up all
the hotspots
I'll call the market Art Center and I
wore a restaurant in Oh sue then we
drove from a crowd too low may the
capital of Togo more on the vine flavor
we were taken to the Alafia beachfront
compound just outside of low may in all
its Togolese tradition the property was
beautiful
we ate when I ended up eating a lot of
during my stay I check it'll Apia and
foo-foo our banku the next morning we
took a visit to the u.s. embassy and
then drove to Central Togo the city of
so coat and today we are driving through
the interior of Togo from South like
LeMay area that's the north the - my
favorite town we're going to no clue but
this driving through at West Africa
experience I think this is like a
once-in-a-lifetime don't have any to do
it against I think yeah burn traffic
laughs they don't do those
my
now
out my stay in Ghana and Togo it was
amazing to see the connections through
the African Diaspora especially one
familiar food popped up in a different
form black-eyed pea fritters and grab
breakfast and headed to the Alafia
offices to see all the work that goes
into running a truly fair trade company
not Fairtrade according to the European
standards because the former colonizer
still pillages the land without
understanding the way of life but the
labor of love Alafia invest into
retaining the Togolese tradition and
uplifting until release people here's a
storage room full of donated bikes being
fixed to donate to villages in the north
of Togo where infrastructure is severely
lacking and even the ability to walk
between towns doesn't really exist
we experienced how they make their
buttock fabrics that is one of the
products they sell at Whole Foods
Oh
her garden level helps with the
forestation of northern togo n is used
in their body and hair product then we
head it to Queen Alafia compound where
we were met with song by the women
workers girl all the fields
this is the founder of Latvia Alejandro
quite the character
he's explaining how they keep corruption
in check with an extensive filing system
computers don't exist in a world where
electricity is a luxury is how much they
got there that way there's no corruption
within the collectives each person he
had money being how shea butter is made
was very intense have you thought about
how you play into the world ecosystem
how your conveniences and comforts
impact the labor and discomfort of
others
allow me uphold that integrity and it's
still a lot of work to produce something
that I've seen you throw into my
shopping cart and sweat my debit card to
purchase I lasted 8 to 4 minutes of
washing the shea nuts it was not a joke
they keep and we have the elders that do
it to moose steal elders be the final
step and is also the blessing part out
of the finished part
the women with beautiful traditional
baskets produce back soap and coconut
oil all by hand it is a labor of love
that gives great opportunity to an
ecosystem where they are the Forgotten
ha
I never drive further into Togo this is
that spread up to visit the villages
that a la feeis community endeavours
most impact we went to a village in
Bazaar that's real enough that female
genital mutilation is no practice a lot
BIA has sponsored the maternal ward and
women with FGM Alafia covers the
maternal care to ensure that the mother
survived childbirth were welcomed with
open arms and each ethnic group
presented themselves and gave thanks
deep breath we visited the maternal ward
this is a nurse practitioner and his
assistants that handle all the burbs the
black chair and white table are where
women give birth and this is the second
room for the injured and that box of
ibuprofen is the pharmacy
we met a woman who's in a lobbyist
aftercare since they sponsored the birth
of her young daughter a last stop was
further down the road to a town where
Alafia had just built a kindergarten
my mother's a bellman to go to pour them
on so Allah Gilpin / words the corner
bed upon validity
this was definitely a life-changing
experience
we saw how one friend purchase please do
vehicles are some that positively
impacts event the self-sacrificing takes
rolls off get to this work and how much
further we have to go it is you're doing
I just mother laws on our side I don't
have I know that thing to sleep and then
to say thank you
