hi guys is Josie and I have here with me
my mother mom there's this YouTube
channel I believe it's called the skin
deep and they did a collab series with
glamour mag called the end where they
basically had two people who are the
relationship together whatever they have
an app that you can download on the
iPhone I wanted to get my mom to do it
and I was originally trying to convince
her to write questions to ask but my mom
is not about that life so when I found
that it does cost about 99
I immediately downloaded it and I'm
gonna have my mom play the game with me
so I don't know if you can see this is
what it looks like so we are gonna do
parent child's each player asks one
question then passes it on what do you
think I'm learning from you nothing
seriously you don't want to learn
anything from me cuz I'm old and
antiquated and large
the gift of gab you think I'm talking
from you I'm gonna talk of your talk oh
yeah you don't think I learn how to be
ambitious from you oh yeah
name the top five things you love about
me why I love it you're my mother
I love that you're pretty that's pretty
I love that people like you I'm not
concerned about like if I date someone
they met you would they like you
I think everyone genuinely likes you
love that you love being a mother oh I
love that you allowed me to live in my
crazy what's your earliest memory of me
great thing you got to ask me this
question right hey are you talking on
his first looks likely I think I
remember you before then you are home
and I remember that we had a yellow
kitchen that you had like these plastic
toys I think he like sold them or
something like sort of like that
we're set up don't dolphin yes I
remember the discovery toy I remember
you telling me I have a big head I think
that might be my first memory what do
you enjoy the most about working with me
and the lease when you allow pitch I can
learn in you because you're very savvy
with modern technology with how quick
temper you are is what you'll about
questions yeah about me asking questions
ok that's fair patience when I ask
question you think I'm putting work
before you Oh
though I no longer live with you but I
think that's been a thing with you I
feel like it ongoing like we know and we
get around you the work had the
potential to be a big complaint but I'm
gonna duck now so like what do i what do
I need can you appreciate the fact that
I put in I mean I appreciate your work
ethic but at the one point this was a
very big conversation about you you're
one of those people like what was
leaving the house and you will take you
took a phone call recording that has
been a thing so yes
how does oh man these questions are
interesting how does our financial
situation affect our relationship
no well being that you're an adult it
does look like that really also yeah
because I try to encourage you to save
and I try to stir you in a more
structured manner about finances hmm
but you shoot you off about I think is a
deeper level to it to I was trying to
know I was talking to Leandre
this other day about not about coming
I'm mistake we were poor but not coming
from it means I mean yeah like I'm not
that still in order to make make things
not coming from happen very financially
established family how that kind of
impacts you in your adulthood and then
also I think on both sides parents I
think you have a latent guilt about it I
feel guilty not being stable right now
so I can't financially provide for
anybody in my family right even though
in theory it's not really my
responsibility I think it's still what
is the mistake you see me make
repeatedly and why do you think that
keep making it I think you second-guess
yourself all the time and that's why I
get so exasperated when you ask any
questions
blow into situations immediately figure
out what you aren't going to know you
know just using the internet you
immediately are like oh well I don't
know so I'll be explaining something to
you and I can look at you and I can see
your mind working to ask this first
question and I'm like step back from
believing that you don't know to see if
you can come into the answer on your own
you attack people do it as Tati said
it's not my forte
and I'm like you're already setting
yourself up tonight get it but who but
why are you assuming you don't know it
might be different than what you're used
to doing what I feel like that's the
only reason I'm resourceful because I
don't walk into too many situations
thinking that oh I can't do it i walk
into situations looking ok well how what
other skills can i take from these other
arenas in a 5-year why do you love me
why do I love you and he was just smart
you're beautiful
they're very ambitious I learn a lot
from you fact that you you're going
after what you want
what's your fondest memory of your
childhood of my child
growing up in New York high school was
good traveling on the trains
sitting around in the city bike riding
from Brooklyn to Manhattan in around
Central Park and back but your fondest
memory is growing up in Brooklyn but you
didn't raise us in new it I would never
raise a child on this memory was growing
up in Brooklyn yeah and you had no
desire to raise you can't have no desire
by the time I grew up I was not gonna
raise children because of it was getting
too expensive what do you think is my
best quality you're personable how do I
do that annoys you most get upset when I
ask you a question you can look at the
second or third time get upset all I
could
Africa's okay actually you assuming I'm
upset you always see if you had to be
envious of me for any one thing what
would it be
am i all my answers that you're
personable everybody likes you I
wouldn't I would not describe myself as
charming of the memory impacted your
sexuality
really good talk about sex so that was
like eight or nine yeah you told me I
would enjoy sex I was 25 so it was no
rush you owe me that smart mama Oh what
in our relationship are you most
grateful for the fact that you're able
to talk to me about anything and
everything that you feel I'm up to date
an onion thing that's it we're gonna
play with your husband that's okay my
mom is not gonna be gorgeous
camera knew but thank you for doing this
I love you should we give the hug let's
not be like Ted Cruz's family we
actually like each other
Ted Cruz okay thanks for watching thanks
for watching guys
Doosan
