hey guys Judy here at knife for my crowd
Ghana so happy to be a traveling smart
girl that I even packed my stays list
and I'm positive
mug so I can fit my water alone in it
and you two can still celebrate your
smart brown girls when this holiday
season the shop is still open where's my
water let me get my water oh also I am
doing a quick sale of African print
clothing so I get so many requests of it
it is a Accra where's that Big Cartel
calm the shop will be only open til
about Christmas time because I still
have to package everything to get it
back to the States to ship it I might
even add this shirt that I currently
have on comment down below and let me
know do you like my shirt so I have not
watched a lot of TV since getting to
Ghana in November but I was missing
being Mary Jane so I decide to use the
last few days I'm a little surf my Wi-Fi
and catch up on the final episodes of
season 3 and I am so very happy that I
did girl
well I might have to do more than one
video about this how awesome being Mary
Jane is why smart Broncos should all
watch it yeah now the last review that I
did was on episode 3 of very deep
conversation about forgiveness and grief
and dealing with losing a friend you can
watch that video read the blog posts
right here at the eye drops down or I'll
link it down below in the description
box alice is like catching up on the
season finale there are just so many
things to discuss I'm gonna try and
recap quickly my thoughts here on
episodes 4 through what was a 10 or 11
and then maybe in the coming weeks I
will do videos on like the major themes
and motifs that were reoccurring through
season 3 of being Mary Jane so if you
were a fan definitely as I'm talking
about some things I stick out to me
comment below and let me know what
really picks your interest and then we
can do further discussions on them for
all our awesome it's my crown girl so an
episode for being Cara we had the
much-deserved character development of
Cara where we had a deeper look into her
struggles with her identity as a Latina
and
being a career-minded mother while in
the background we had mary-jane working
through her grief through overdosing on
coitus to the points of chasey girl
that's a lot of sex
I enjoy Cara because like Mary Jane she
is a very complex woman who even through
her struggles and vulnerabilities and
insecurities exudes an immense amount of
strength struggle that car has with her
identity as a latina is something that a
lot of women of color deal with as we
work our way up from nothing starting
from the bottom is never really starting
at zero it's to starting at negative 100
and so if as you dig yourself out of
this hole that you didn't build and you
get a little dirt on your shoulders it
might take more grit than just dusting
it off now and that's where we're
finding Cara add as she realizes that
she can't really be a hundred percent
for everyone every time there's a really
good interview I have to find it and
link it down below which Shonda Rhimes
where she commented on actually becoming
a mother realizing that she couldn't be
a hundred percent a hundred percent of
the time that in order for some things
to win other things would have to give
in that fluctuates and so she does her
best to organize her time realistically
and that's what car is working through
in season three so five Mary J mama
still don't like nobody and that
includes Julie from Philly who pops up
as neesee's mama Jackie now I still do
not care for Niecy and I think PJ put
his like figure on it was that episode
seven or eight where he addresses Niecy
and then meeting her wanting to be
rescued and how unrealistic like as an
adult woman in that you know she
deserves to be loved she deserves to be
careful she deserve to be treated well
but she can't sit around lamenting and
wasting her time waiting for someone to
kind of rescue you would hold her hand
you know I just I don't care for Niecy I
do appreciate her and I kind of get her
whole especially with this episode where
Jill her Jackie her mama pops back up in
that she never had a real childhood like
she was never properly loved or nurtured
as a child and so
her extreme what for love and camp she's
placing in a very shallow one of
materialism and I just I just wish I
don't know I mean it's not my lived
experience so maybe that's why I kind of
the Whitney see but I do just kind of
want her to everyone but just yeah like
girl only your struggle but work towards
something better rather than allowing
your struggle to be the totality of who
you are I was definitely hoping to delve
more into Jackie or Jill Scott as me see
mama
character but I guess we just had to
settle for seeing the almost hot steamy
scene she had with Patrick and then her
music her new music being used in what
was that episode eight sure now the
rifle season definitely picked up
momentum almost to the point of where
episode three did what Lisa so there was
a lot happening and I love how being
Mary Jane ticks off on all the major
issues that we're dealing with in like
real time like when they record this
show that they could slide in talking
about terrorism and the coverage or the
lack of coverage of what's happening in
Africa and even calling out the
terrorist attacks in bhaga bhaga bhaga
bag a yeah girl thing to discussing
police deport allottee in the season
finale sorry if it's a spoiler girl but
if I'm catching it a week late and I'm
in Africa we don't even show a girl you
should have been caught up but Niecy is
the perfect character for police
brutality to happen to and we're being
Mary Jane to succinctly address it I so
can't wait for season 4 because Niecy is
a poor single black mother one of the
most overlooked demographics in the
United States and fortunately for Niecy
she does have some influential ative so
it's gonna be great to see how that kind
of plays out and this the following
season but you know Oh job Bob Rock okay
another theme was Mary Jane drinking the
kool-aid getting that primetime spot but
losing a sense of her integrity and what
she released in full even though it was
through the very conniving CC you know
whenever Loretta Devine popped back up
on your screen with that little
high-pitched sweetest a little o me boys
you know sharing up the
she conniving her way into something but
it was CC who kind of I thought was
gonna be like the fairy godmother for MJ
but this is where a life girl you can't
go with store info now even though it's
through conniving CC and a very
archetypal archetypal archetypal Oh am i
singing that where right burn green well
Sudan angry college-age black girl like
we already been did this and women of
Brewster plays covered and dear white
people you see this character kind of
portrayed at lab but it was sad helped
Mary Jane find her way into
understanding how to use the Masters
tools to bring down the Masters house
when that quote came across the screen
make me a slave but pay me enough girl I
wanted to copy and paste that on so many
Instagram it can we definitely live in a
society that is up selling a lifestyle
without any actual content and therefore
doesn't really stand for anything but
again Assisi said we prefer things and
not value girl such a conniving woman
she really was smart and I love that I
love how they play that you know it's
not like she was some poor brokedown
woman that was just after money like she
knew her such a damn son I was so
cold let it women sexual identity has
been a strong undercurrent throughout
the three seasons of being Mary Jane and
when they did the episode witness show
talk about what's a whole cow yes I was
just like Michelle is that friend that
every woman needs to validate her
ratchet and the moments where she wants
to be herself down for actually doing
something that she wanted to do you and
a home and let somebody know my personal
believe is you ain't a ho unless
somebody know you know you want to talk
about my sexual like that and then a
name names nigga if you can't name
you ain't got nothing on you ain't got
enough ladies just remember don't waste
time putting a clean condom on a dirty
dick let me find out where to get a hold
of them at home STD kids for safety your
vagina is a beautiful pH balance that's
all you need to know but girl why do I
get these good bad like wait me see pops
back up like every other topic but she
also very strongly highlights the
struggles that family that middle class
upper middle class of black families
have a passing their wealth on to their
offspring and the kind of struggles of
wanting to provide for them and care for
them but also having to let them fight
their own battles and don't just start
at the black family to keep up and press
a beer I don't know that I have a full
understanding of MJ's father's
willingness to kind of enable me see
financially in her lostness but putting
the foot down very strongly and want a
Patrick like I get it but then I don't
get it and you know because he's such
things about Patrick and that you like
how you get so caught up in protecting
your child that you forget how to fight
for them or maybe I'm messing up the
quota or whatever but kind of alluding
to the fact that you wanna you want to
over protect your kid that you don't
allow them to confront their own team
and then really get over it
but then it's like aren't news in series
and then theory repeating the same thing
with Niecy again but yeah I said
something that I really don't say about
being Mary Jane is that I don't
necessarily have to understand every
characters plotline right like a lot of
what Britt Mary Jane does really well is
bring up something for us to have a
conversation a discussion on because we
don't get it but others may just like
mark in 2015 wanting the highest
sexuality versus using it as something
to really amplify the plight of gay
black men but on the flip side you know
why does because I'm gay do I have to be
the spokesperson for all all gay black
men maybe I just want to be me and be
regular but the only one person that I
am NOT here for I'm not trying to
understand I own like she can go is
Patrick baby mama I think
like Maria or something who's more hard
becki becki need a guy I don't like
nothing bout Becky
unlike her I mean I'm happy that she
pulled Patrick card because he all would
take percocet pill poppin whatever
mm-hmm that's always I'm why
poisoning away with that still drugs
booboo don't do them better than that
she's just like every time I'm up on one
screen I'm just like oh now bitch
what's she gonna destroy now Cara's
disdain for a Marisol girl
we happen to a whole nother video that
and the interracial dating topic I got
kind of sad news video I won't do a hole
in the top of mine anyway his hitters
hitters hitters Martin charism disdain
for a Marisol it's so interesting
because this happens too many times in
real life where women of color will
break down barriers burst that glass
ceiling go through the mud and put the
work and achieve some greatness and talk
so much about leaning in and jumping
over these barriers and bursting this
class silly man women's empowerment and
what they represent for women who look
like them and then a woman who looks
like them shows up a little too close to
home and they decide to recommit that
glass ceiling and barriers and expect
her to jump over them as well Karen
definitely stuck her heels in the mud
with Marisol and was too slow to pull
them out and so now luebero is gonna be
real tough for car because HR would to
wait for in the next season I was just
getting around to liking Cece even in
her conniving way she's doing so much of
the community like I want that book
started but she hinted she just have to
join team doing too much too much she
should have taken an egg roll gave her
advice and then just used see use Mary
Jane as her friend because MJ was like
low-key coming around to but I even got
caught up in the game like I'm legit boy
MJ have found a way to flip it and allow
them to both prosper so that that
bookstore and the community could thrive
and CC wouldn't be up omj like you owe
me money every two seconds and that set
up was called it was called bloody oh
just about the ballet
IIIi can see it but I kind of saw it but
I don't want to believe it I think I
wanted to be happy but like extortion is
not know lightweight like jail says
neither but locate if I was married
raining I probably did that a lot
quicker I got Molly we'll set her up
like that before I even run over check
because no I mean I feel bad but I don't
feel bad like I'm just kind of
Indra
that's what Cece was one big and under
what I love most about the show is how
each character shows us a piece of
ourselves about our humaneness or
insecurities our vulnerabilities our
walls and our strengths and makes us
think about so many things that we are
really dealing with in real life to
entertain me through one-liners why
girls want ketchup no mustard why do you
think there's gonna be a conversation
about how often the Latinos get left out
of the discussion of minorities girl MJ
should I slay Marisol in there but we'll
wait for season four I see it coming
I'm just so excited I love this show so
we get and I said earlier in the video
because this is like a really quick wrap
up of half a season definitely comment
down below what were your favorite
things about this season and I will
think to put together some videos in the
coming week because I got time I got my
surf lines together I don't pay too much
money for this Wi-Fi so we put them use
it up before I piss out of a cry and you
know talking about being Mary Jane it's
just so fun and enlightening and I think
it's a great car nation to have so
comment down below thanks for watching
thumbs up if you like this and read the
blog post to go along do
