hey guys Julie here live from Accra
Ghana I'm super happy to be a traveling
smart brown girl that I even packed my
stay blessed and unbothered mug because
yes the smart brown girl shop is still
open so you can celebrate you smart
brown girls during this holiday season
you want to see more content on my
travel or just general discussions on
the African diaspora be sure to thumbs
up this video remember this is only my
opinion you're allowed to see
differently and disagree so please
comment along small bow bow is about
encouraging thoughtful discussions and
inspiring people to do further research
on their own even if you agree with me
from whatever angle you approach this
from please keep it respectful now I
have been in Ghana for two weeks going
on three I spent a week in Togo and I
will be in our craft through January if
you want to follow along with my local
travels in real time you can find me on
snapchat Twitter Instagram and or
Facebook and I'm always actually all
over the web I share different things on
different platforms so each platform is
getting a little bit of my experiences
in West Africa and at this Nigerian visa
thing goes correctly fingers crossed
prayers up in Jesus name Amen I will be
in Nigeria for New Year's as well I
thought it would be a fun and
interesting conversation to talk about
my first impressions as an African
American in West Africa one in America
we take for granted the beautiful shades
of dark brown wallet oboe I actually
went to northern Togo to the city of
SoCo day and the villages of besar and
it just is just I don't even know how to
actually articulate it but it is just so
amazing to see the different hues and
tones and undertones of the darker brown
Mel
most of the local people have very clear
skin and it's very deep dark shades of
brown and an American culture you know
especially when you look up the makeup
industry here it's like dark brown is
like all one shade of brown like nobody
considers the undertones the hues and
this is the kind of range of dark brown
that does actually exist
and it was just so beautiful to see
people that were not only these various
shades of dark brown but who also took a
lot of pride
everyone was glorious shades of deep
dark brown when so jealous
number two african-americans are most
definitely from West Africa whole hebrew
tribe of israel thing i mean sure maybe
israel was originally in west africa and
white people relocated the holy land to
an area of lesser melanin so they could
feel good about themselves because you
know white folks going columbus i the
first thing that struck me was how many
Ghanaians and togolese people I saw that
looked like somebody I know back in the
United States try looking like somebody
I know auntie or uncle who loves to go
to white linen parties so they can their
newest to step line dance to Frankie
Beverly ma girl number three now you
know I love my politics I'm all about
politics and culture and I've been
soaking it all up it's definitely a
conversation to be had about the lack of
coverage in the news about the
happenings of West Africa but there's
also a conversation to be had about how
the West African governments and lack of
infrastructure cause there to be less
coverage about what's going on since
most of the countries in West Africa are
centralized governments with capital
cities lying on the southern coastline
such as the case for Accra and low may
as soon as you leave these capital
cities the infrastructure takes a sharp
downturn it's a bit of a slower
transition from Accra to the toboe
border but in Togo the shift in
infrastructure is almost immediately as
you get outside of the Little Bay City
limit and this impacts everything from
running water and sewage to access to
technology cellphone service becomes a
lot more stage and Internet is just a
supreme luxury that is not easy to come
by on top of that for turbo the national
language is French and for most
northerners they actually learn French
in school but school is not free
everyone doesn't speak the national
language what you'll hear a lot more of
is a mix of the indigenous languages I
think there's well over 50 ethnic groups
in Togo actually two Togo with a brand
that was co-founded by a northern toe
beliefs
he's from these areas in Togo how to get
somebody else at some certain point of
the trip to translate what was being
said who's doing all this translating to
make sure that the right facts get out
from these more rural places amongst
West Africa it's really hard not only
for that line of communication to travel
down but also for journalistic outlets
to fact check and make sure that they're
reporting the facts of a situation and
then you have to remember not all these
governments are too keen on the idea of
freedom of press especially if it's not
upholding the idea that the country is
moving ahead and assuring in an age of
development before why were in the
northern villages of Togo I definitely
experienced my first moments of white
women yolks like it was real it's not
that I or my ancestors caused the plight
of the people in North Toba but I
thought guilty that my first inclination
was to want to help these people to have
the same luxuries that we have in
America but is that what they really
want or need and doesn't that not come
with its own set of additional problems
and it was a really complex set of
emotions to go through to realize that I
in reality have no clue what will
holistically make these people's lives
better or if in reality do they need
their lives to be made better we went to
one religion bazaar where there is no
running water the concept of hot water
running hot water is definitely not a
thing
and then the pharmacy at the Matano
clinic consisted of a box of ibuprofen
like this is what women are giving birth
in this village still practices female
genital mutilation so the pain and the
level of traumatic experience is that
women go through just in the process of
childbirth alone and you're just here to
see it and documented and raise
awareness but you don't you can't really
do anything I felt so guilty being able
to view this and knowing that I'm going
to go back to a rather cushy life in
America when this is nothing close to my
reality the five driving in West Africa
is like Grand Theft Auto and did nobody
prepare me for this after driving in
northern Togo driving in a cries not
nearly that bad without an American
coming over here brah the way folks
drive at least a northern toto I mean I
think there's traffic laws but there's
absolutely nobody enforcing them I
didn't think I would ever be grateful
for the concept of speeding tickets but
a line to say so you should be driving
in one direction on this side and
driving in the other direction on this
side but nobody really abides by that
they just kind of drive when they want
to drive and then again the further you
get outside of the capital the more the
more popular motorcycles are and the
cars will literally drive maybe a
quarter inch up beside the motorcycle
and nobody flinches people here beat
their horns like it's its own language
like hey beeping my horns you don't run
into baby my horns and as you cut me off
you don't kill me maybe my own horn so
it gives me to drive recklessly number
sit eating out love the customer service
is so bad it's hilarious I have to a
whole nother video simply on story times
about my eating out experiences in our
crop in total oh we actually didn't eat
out much and I now understand why a lot
of the older people that I meet the
aunties will be like no
no I don't get out going out to eat
ordering things and then an hour later
being told that they're not on the menu
with attitude because waitresses here
are not serving you they're doing you a
favor
it will never not be funny having a cook
ask at the beginning of the meal what
does it mean to be a vegetarian being
explained to him and then still serve
this person a plate of meat and then
when they say hey I don't eat me he says
Oh vegetarian so no chicken or pork even
seven Kelly Whaley and read read all the
food of life I'm a plantain eater for
life plantain makes me happy every day I
decide to read read earlier for lunch
which is a black I peed with plantain
dish I love to see how much foods that
I'm familiar growing up eating because
my dad grew them seeing how popular they
are here and obviously understanding the
connection of how they made it to
America and why I grew up eating it's
just a cool experience I've been by the
way number eight for everyone that's
asking me how are the men that's been a
significant amount of time living or
pursuing education in America or Europe
you are going to run into the same daily
issues you do back home back here think
about it this is gonna have to be a
whole nother video onto itself so many
video ideas coming up from one video but
think about it would you date someone
back home who has never left the town
they're from I'm trying to tell y'all
y'all need to rise up tell y'all
governments to be centralized so they
could be more black blood for you to
choose from have a better chance finding
the man in Houston there you will out on
a crowd and the nine o'clock could be
very very very expensive now this is not
my first time on the continent I did go
to South Africa for my 30th in March and
South Africa cheap let me tell you that
American dollar Teran conversion girl
you be ballin I was out at uh I was out
of Nando's buying everybody dinner when
I was in Johannesburg I just it was I
was rolling in the dirt I assumed that
coming to West Africa would be a similar
experience
but one with an American accent
everything is triple the price one of
the reasons why it's very important that
when you travel here you can connect
with a local say something in God our
tree and suddenly the pressure that
dashiki will deduce by like 80 percent
but the recolonization of Africa by
China and the mass importing of stuff
from China a lot of things get imported
here you're paying those import costs
for daily necessities now what is
cheaper not craw is getting clothes made
I have to go pick up some more clothes
tomorrow is that bad number Ted I am
connected so more people in our crowd
than I am a Houston Texas mind below I
have been having a ball I've been
connecting and meeting with some really
dope dope people and literally we got
like my mutual like not even
acquaintances but like real hardcore
friends and shout out to I'm a mama you
should definitely go check out her blog
I love saying I'm a mama coming on my
videos and she's she's just a super
smart brown girl she connected me with
out another AMA who happens to be my
soror who went to Cornell which is an
ethical New York and I parked in New
York City so me and i'ma hit it off
perfectly the first time line forever
grateful for that connection and then I
met and iota who woulda thunk it's so
great to be out here with people who are
aware of the world around them you know
in America if I start talking about my
interest in African politics I am
immediately accused of being obsessed or
trying to be something that I'm not and
here you know how much I barbeque the
other day and they're casually talking
about the new president of Tanzania
genuine interest and it's not this
snooty pretentious I know more than you
know but it's like no I am really
interested in what is happening amongst
African Diaspora and it's on an
intellectual level definitely doing
follow-up videos about different
elements of my travel through West
Africa I'll go me along on my social
media accounts Facebook Instagram
Twitter and snapchat so you could keep
up to date with me honestly if you have
any questions snapping me is not the
best way to go about um but definitely
tweet me your questions and as
always thumbs up and comment down below
