hey guys Josie and it's finally time for
another pop snipers about everything
from the lowbrow for the hybrid as long
as your eyebrows are sleek your girl and
this week we are drinking some apple are
we study cute and classy I might even
throw some apple slices in here but not
really my favorite mug ever stay blessed
and unbothered its pops like it's
finally back I need to do two things
coming along when I discuss so many
topics I'm gonna try to keep it nice and
concise though and thumbs up this video
oh there is so much shade to throw and
so much to discuss let's get right into
this pop star first off Raven Symone yay
pyramid
girl oh I like the banging about doing a
whole video on this but I did write an
article on jewel decom called the idiocy
of Raven Symone cos girl I'm just done
through MS giro a great letter to white
people giving her up but we didn't even
offer to trade her we just we've done
kicked over to the other side we don't
need her nor Winery to take her succeed
I've got limit and all y'all cousins who
think that Donald Trump is a plausible
presidential candidate bye to everybody
now miss Simone yay the child with two
first names an arbitrary accent over the
e and a dashing alone her name it's on
the few stating that she would she would
discriminate against somebody who's name
is watermelon Andra watermelon Andrea I
can't even pronounce that shit but
basically it's a reference to the trade
Melvin who's another youtuber or the
character that he does company in
Waterville Andrea and then watch his
clan back every mr. mo and I was happy
for once to see what Amelie Andra
speakable senses like I think that might
be the first time where she has shared
tickle in her spots clearly but a no tea
no sugar I guess but to even see some
black women try to justify what Raven is
saying in that oh well there's some
truth to what she's saying there's no
truth to anything that Raven Symone said
is there true to the fact that people do
discriminate based on names yes but the
problem is that were even admitted to
doing it herself and trying to justify
her actions than that she's unwilling to
change
I'm going to understand her own
ignorance she said it as if though it
was something profound and intelligent
and that people should understand that
I'm sorry I'm not gonna nobody were to
get our name asked sighs man whatever
new words you want to use for it when I
was winning 1985 my parents bestowed the
name of Jersey upon me it wasn't like I
came a good was like okay Trish your
Earl let's talk about the same food you
gave me here because you just don't get
a name off the Scrabble board and give
it to me like people don't get to decide
that means that they're born with yes
you could change your name with an adult
but why are you taking away someone's
you might not understand the culture
behind their name and what's not front
first of all first the first the first
let's let's take this back for a minute
you must have a ghetto game that you
wanna tag blatantly towards black people
all right
but we not go ahead my wife would only
have an interest in their names like
Apple ain't a thing as well as Piper an
applicable name like how bright movie
name Anika is all sorts of crazy stuff
we be like oh wow how interesting
oh that's different black folk do what
is it call when you blend two names
together girl I'm cool it's hot I might
lose there's a word for it
palindrome is when it's front and back
but there's a word for when you blend
two words together whatever when they do
that shit and they make up a name right
then all of a sudden becomes ghetto
because hood it becomes a reason to not
good person job but what's the
difference between Apple and watermelon
if Apple Paltrow can get a job then why
can't watermelon don't either job this
is what I really need folks it's not
going stop again like the companies that
you claim are not gonna have a little
based on their name you even have any
idea of their hiring process people are
all by my thread on my facebook page
talk about Google will never hire you
with a ghetto name first of all just
Google try again I think some black bow
including Raymond just love to be
oppressed so much at the fight for it by
the same stupid shit that makes no
logical sense should give a moment of
silence to the two school shootings that
happen in the past week um let's go
sound bad but truthfully I know one
wasn't working and what was it some of
us
a in America's but like I fatigues y'all
like I could sit up here and talk about
how we need to have gum policies and we
need to actually actually this is this
is a perfect example it was to gun
shootings in the past two weeks
that killed innocent people at colleges
in the United States of America and we
sit and talk about allowing open carry
gun laws on school campuses but k-bar
rights they the prosecutor in Cleveland
Ohio hired two private investigators are
like a former FBI agent and then
somebody else to do it
investigation on whether the cops had a
right to kill take my rights to twelve
year old who was shot down in the park
for holding a BB gun a toy gun he was in
the park by themselves somebody called
in and said I think it's a toy gun was a
young K down here by himself
come check up on him the police within
two seconds again I take our shot and
gun down a young child and they come
back and say that the police was
justified in shooting Tamara because the
police if they feel any sort of threat
have a right to react to the threat
there's certain fighters on Facebook and
you see other white people justifying it
by saying well if a cop just see the
situation they see a gun and you know
it's unfortunate that he died but you
know he saved other innocent lives no
matter the fact that Tamar's a child and
was entirely innocent like we're just
gonna gun him down from being the part
because I guess being blacker than a
park is now illegal but people walk into
schools and gunned down multiple people
and the cops are not killing them there
is a clear difference because one is
white and one is black so one can walk
into a college and target Christian
women or target Muslim students are
targeting women because they not getting
holiday or target kindergarteners and
shoot up a school and we still don't see
the need to change any sort of good
policy
a black person is holding something that
appears to be a gun even if it's a toy
they then have the right to lose a light
please I mean I just it's just it at the
point where we are okay with living in a
state of fear and as I've said and a lot
of mice are brown girl videos so many of
us are so comfortable with things that
make us miserable that we will fight for
them no the more recent pops marks I
talk a lot about American culture things
and it's really because just so much is
going on in America all the time but
it's just so much crazy should have time
to keep up with other countries you know
I know like Burkina Faso is at war right
now the Syrian refugee thing is a lot of
discussion going on in the States and on
American news about that but what I
don't quite understand is I've only seen
kind of touch-and-go conversations
around the fact that the Middle Eastern
countries are not letting these refugees
in it's an American I don't feel like we
really have a lot of right to kind of
criticize the European nations for how
they allow Syrian refugees to come in I
mean I feel bad I don't really have no
solution for it and I'm happy to see
Germany and the UK in these countries
with more financial stability allowing
refugees to come in but I'm only one of
no where is this conversation around
Middle Eastern countries allowing their
own members of the Arab Union to become
come refugees into their country and the
crazy thing is Syria is not like a
historically poor country Syrians to be
very very well educated you know Steve
Jobs is half Syrian there's a Syrian
community in America they typically they
blend in with white folk a lot of Syria
that I know here just they don't they
don't look as like Arab as what you know
American media would have you think and
so it's kind of like what's your
reasoning for not allowing them in I
have friends on Facebook that live in
the Emirates that live in Saudi Arabia
and they're they want to be like
Americans need to stand up for Palestine
Israel but it's like you not gonna stand
up for Syria though I only having the
answers but that whole Syrian refugee
thing is just so sad and like Oh another
kind of international news but not
really have y'all seen a little Jamaican
boy that does the videos but where he's
getting his friends to do a workup and
he's you know what is it when somebody
talks with a really thick kind of
Jamaican accent I forget what the word
is for it I want to say every boy but I
don't know if that's correct whatever
look you an adorable and he ended up on
The Ellen Show and I love Ellen and he's
telling Ellen like he's mad cool calm
and collected you could definitely tell
he's at Brooklyn Jamaican like 120
percent like he has a very very Brooklyn
Jamaican swagger to the point that he
reminds me of somebody so so much he
tell me Ellen he wants to run Hussein
boats and she greens Hussein bought out
and he just gets up and goes like so
cute so calm and then he runs he gets to
run a race against you saying I'm saying
obviously goes light on him and then he
gets like a whole I'm gonna give him a
whole case of Puma jamaica's Usain Bolt
I know it's just so adorable it's just
so cute and I love it makes me want to
go eat you know rice and peas some jerk
chicken and I'm Patti and I'm so hungry
talk about some white woman bring it
back again even though we are you gonna
talk about the white one the red mr.
Mohn Health Street is in this stuffy
game stop fruitcake suffragettes
whatever a movie about the women's
suffrage movement in the UK and on the
cover of some magazine about Hollywood
promoting a movie they're wearing shirts
saying I'd rather be a rep rebel than a
slave now the shirts are so offensive I
had to write a whole article cuz it's
just I'd be so tired Adama I'm just so
tired I having to turn up because I feel
like I'm preaching to the choir and then
will that need to hear it I'm just
refusing the hearing and they don't want
to change they don't want to understand
just it's like like I'm lying like this
is this is what I don't get is the
suffrage movement in both the UK and
overnight what white woman's was panned
or something fuck her the white woman is
we start
every movement in the UK she is notable
for saying that women the lack of
women's rights is the worst kind of
slavery and maybe because slavery and
their area in Britain I really don't
unders I'm not really that into to the
history of black folk in the UK somebody
Phil Freddie because I I used to always
basket what happened to other black
slaves that ended up into UK because
every black person that you came that I
know is either West African or West
Indian what the suffrage movement in UK
it's parallel to the one in America they
both popped off in the late 1800s when
people were still slaves black people
were still slaves in America and we're
able to pass laws for the right to vote
in the early 1900's and German Jim Crow
segregation was definitely thing in
America at that time so white women
could vote and show tone-deaf to put on
a shirt that said I would rather be a
rebel that is this isn't even exactly a
slight against black people with it
being a movie based on British history I
mean you have to think about them the
impact of colonization with imperialism
at that time you know you're talking
about a time period where the you were
Africa wasn't even a continent of
countries it was cousin of colonies and
the UK held sovereign over the gold
coast or they were in India and they
were doing all this oppressive shit just
to pilfer and monetize for their own
personal gain Wow
destroying the black and brown bodies
that lived on that land it's just so
inconsiderate to people at large I don't
know you know nobody even gets a little
fuzzy because I feel like a lot of times
I know I mean I don't know how much
other ethnicities feel offended by these
kind of things like do Indian people
really look at this and get-and why this
is wrong because so many other
communities come to America and they
feed right into the European white ideal
that they keep away from like really
complaining or talking about these
things in mass I don't know girl but if
I was indie and I'd be offended too
because like that
what was what was the UK doing any be a
girl nothing's a super proud of the
article that I wrote around Meryl Streep
because not only was it about Meryl
Streep and the tone-deaf of her white
feminism but also because a young doctor
died basically a crack house cocaine
overdose and the deadly beats wrote the
most flattery of write-ups about her
very tragic death as if like oh she was
just blowing on a night where she was
just blowing some steam a mother of
three passed away in the doorway of a
cocaine apartment not a crack house you
know Whitney Houston got a much more
derelict and aggressive write up for her
obituary then this random ask my mom
from Staten Island who died in a crack
house and I just though it's just so I
wrote an article called white feminism
fertility and the flower is kind of
ignorant spell on my smart brown girls
click the link down below or the info
box right here and get y'all read on
girls okay is this not gonna be the
never ending story of tone-deaf ask
white people
Piers Morgan look Brooklyn I don't
really expect anybody who lives on the
other side of the pond and who does not
reside the unites of America to really
be able to gather and understand the
depths oh the racial issues that happen
in America so don't don't speak on it
with authority it's not that you can't
engage in the conversation it's not that
you can't ask questions it's not that
you can't come to your own understanding
use it to inspire you and how you
interact with the world it's done that
we can't connect and the similarities of
our struggle but I'm not even going to
presume that I understand the makeups of
British or European culture cuz I ain't
never spent at nanosecond in Europe I
might see some shit and feel like we won
in the same who's black hopes to
suppress everywhere but I also
understand that there's just going to be
certain cultural differences from us and
what I would do was approach the
conversation from open space and want
you to learn rather than in searching
myself and then I have
starting to speak on it now what Piers
Morgan not only a brick but a white
brick has a nerve to do is direct the
social activist who who's very Twitter
popular he took he often tweets that I
love I love my blackness and yours which
I often retreat it I think it's a really
simple and great sentiment to tell
people because well-being in America and
coming to tournament what being black
means here is a very kind of throttling
experience and some people might try to
run away from it some people it's just
not a lot telling us to embrace it to be
happy and comfortable with it and that
we can really control what that means
for us on certain levels and so you know
it's really simple and maybe how about
morons within somebody else that but
what Piers Morgan proceeded to do was
retweet it and say I love my whiteness
and your blackness now sir this is a
white man who doesn't all whore article
talk about please stop I'm gonna stop
saying nigga nigga all kind of clap back
at him and was like what you just did
you just Columbus the shit out of that
tweet you showed up and said this is
mine I'm taking ownership of it and
inserting yourself someplace that was
doing mighty fine without you it's not
that I love my blackness and I hate
whiteness it's telling people that don't
hear this conversation to love who you
are and don't run away from it so if you
want to encourage people to accept
themselves then say that without
inserting yourself in a conversation of
a subculture who was oppressed by your
own culture by Piers Morgan and just
stay over in the UK we all do we all
need to see you want CNN no way
that's more than enough and to close out
let's have a quick discussion about the
need for celebrities to speak on culture
and political topics now beforehand when
various celebrities that I actually
enjoy have made missteps I feel in my
opinion by just saying things that are
just crazy
when discussion is on previous popular
starts I basically said that I just
don't need my celebrities to speak about
cultural things that matter to me
because I don't need you to be
intellectual for me like I look for you
for entertainment necessarily for my
intellect and then you know also when
discussing Beyonce who has has not
granted any sort of interview in the
past two years I don't have an issue
with that because it's like I would like
to like you and I don't need to hear you
not agree with certain things that I
hold very personal and close to me so
I'm good with Beyonce actually not doing
interviews and so in this past week
we've had two cases one with Rihanna and
her Vanity Fair article and then one
would Nicki Minaj in her New York Times
interview now I actually positively
through-and-through enjoyed the New York
Times the passion of Nicki Minaj
interview it was hilarious because you
could totally like the play-by-play when
I don't even know why the interviewer
why the writer asked Nicki Minaj about
the bees that was happening amongst her
male counterparts and they asked her if
she thrives off that it was really like
the worst and then the writer
acknowledges that it was an ignorant
question and how they realized the
mistake that they made but they give us
a play-by-play of Nicki kind of going
off on her and it's hilarious the
favorite quote that I enjoyed from it is
if you want to enjoy our culture and our
lifestyle bond with us dance with us
have fun with those twerk with us rock
with us then you should also want to
know what affects us what is bothering
us what we feel is unfair to us you're
affirming to her not at Miley Cyrus at
the VMAs and yeah as much as I enjoyed
and I was really like Josh McGee I'm
almost kind of like cautious to really
overly praise her because I don't want
her to say anymore it's like if she's
key if she keeps talking she's bound to
say something you reverent and it's
gonna take us back and I'm just gonna
oh girl oh no like Raven Symone got me
so shit that don't me like I don't case
a point
Rihanna did an interview with Vanity
Fair the interview actually read it's
really old so talking about Rachel
Dolezal Chris Brown and routinely just
like shit this like we're so far I'm the
baseball player that she was seeing for
a while
Matthew chem and it just like this is
like two-year old news like I love those
interview diamond but Rihanna says well
Rachel Dolezal is kind of a hero like
she really made us think about it and
looked how it perceives radius and
Vanity Fair and what didn't make it made
it the headline and I think there is a
case for why certain celebrities choose
not to just speak on certain topics I
think at some point when you transverse
into the lifestyle of a celebrity and
you're making so much money I think
there's just a natural disconnect that
happens between you and where you came
from on the struggle that existed from
where you come from because I think as
long as I don't agree with a lot of the
sentiments that certain black
celebrities expressed around
respectability politics I understand why
for them that seemed like a logical
progression especially for a black
person to feel like they pulled
themselves up by the boot their
bootstraps
and they made it out so why can't you
but Rihanna make the dough is all
comment you know it's one you just don't
do it again girl we I'm like uh-uh
absolutely not but I actually got her
interviewed what she said that was way
more important in the interview was when
she talked about you know owning her own
sexuality but also having to be cautious
about who she sleeps with and just not
being able to really have sex because of
her celebrity and how it's thrown back
at her face and I think that's I wish
that you know she could have a little
bit more of a connection with so cuz I
followed her snapchat her friends or his
fellow kind of from around the way laney
vision that I would almost hope that
someone could kind of take her in and
really talk to her about how that's
still representative of what a lot of us
as black women go through and I thought
I really wish Vanity Fair would have ran
with that one but you know clickbait is
clickbait
and black twitter anger feels a lot of
adsense coins for a lot of websites
we see the view we see you Cosmo and the
first family with the correct girl ain't
nobody got time for that shit
first family of plastic surgery my head
hope you enjoyed this pop star thank you
for joining along let me know what
you're sipping on is always an I hope
you sip it on your smart brown guy mug
shot that's right brown girl calm I'll
let you girl
