hey guys it's Josie and it is time for
smart brown girl well tonight Thursday
smart rock girls every day of the week
oh sorry for getting this up so late on
a Friday but I have been doing a lot
more writing and I'm reworking my kind
of schedule because writing is just a
whole different energy from producing
videos actually this smart brown girl
tap it I've already published a blog
post for yes this is where to you buy
shop smart promgirl.com we still have
tons of inventory posted on this site
and we have three stocks on the sides
that have sold out we will be
discontinuing some items in the coming
month based on what doesn't sell well so
we get into this one if you like this
video if you enjoy it please don't be
scared to leave a comment and also
thumbs up the video I'm not so focused
or concerned with how many views I did
per say I am just more interested in
actually engaging my audience of smart
brown girls secondly I am heading to
Ghana in the end of November and I'll
actually be there through January
because I'm crazy but in the meantime in
between time I am totally available if
you are interested in having me come to
your school and speak so if you are part
of a BSU the African Student Union any
minority organization and you are
planning any sort of panel discussion in
the next month and even next spring feel
free to email me my email is listed
everywhere on every site and yes it
really is taco that juicy calm because I
love tacos don't be afraid to pitch
ideas to the orders that you are members
of all these organizations have a
certain amount of budget to bring out
speakers to the school so don't be
hesitant I get tweets and ask FM
questions asking how people can get me
to their college and really it is
through any student organization where
you feel like the topics that I engage
you guys on relates to the mission
those organizations and don't forget I'm
a delta so so lord I absolutely
positively love snapchat if you're not
following me you should I really just be
talking and procrastinating on
snapchat you can always find me
everywhere at jolzi last week I had a
homegirl call me and she's about a year
older than me she's like 31 and she's a
great career she's doing the damn thing
she's traveling all the time for work
and she was like you know what I'm
really trying to like thinking about all
the guys that I've met that I passed up
on or like I should have given a second
chance to are giving more of a chance to
because I feel like it's my fault that
like things didn't work out I'm so
simple right now and I pause and think
if there were like any men who have I've
encountered in life where I felt like I
had like lost out on them because either
we attempted to get to know each other
and things just fizzled out or things
flat-out didn't work out oh I met a guy
and he just wasn't interested in me have
any of these men I encountered in life
do I feel like I've lost out on them now
looking back from now considering where
I'm at in life and looking back and
honestly I was like hmm no not so I did
a snap about this basically saying how I
had the Congress with the homegirl and
then my conclusions on how I don't
regret anybody and I don't feel like
I've missed out on any guy that that
passed out in life is my fact I feel
like I'm the one who came out on top in
the long run and really simply thumbs
down to when I moved to Houston last
August I made a very poignant effort to
work on my emotional and mental health
and to work on my emotional mature I
knew that I had emotional insecurities
around vulnerability and Trust and so
with that in thinking about how I want
relationships to manifest in my life I
knew that I was going to have to get
over my insecurities around
vulnerability and charming to Houston
not knowing anyone
forced to make relationships forge new
relationships as an adult and it's just
not easy as an adult to make friends and
I and because of not knowing anyone I've
definitely made mistakes with the people
that I have allowed into my life but I
absolutely do not regret them because in
choosing to deal with the wrong people
whether it's on an intimate or
friendship level I have realized my
emotional growth and in my ability to
open myself up and be vulnerable and put
some level of trust in somebody who
isn't right for me or doesn't have my a
good attention especially I just but
literally dealt with the recent
situation with a man who tried to kind
of like he put effort into creating
drama with outside sources because he I
don't know if he's fascinated with the
YouTube thing I think I don't know what
it was but my man's was doing some
talking that he should not have been
doing and investing effort in
manipulating situations to create drama
I sincerely liked him and I walked into
the situation with very good intentions
I was very clear and maybe overly
articulate about how I stood on things
and I allowed myself this space to be
vulnerable with him and I still even
with all the negativity even with all
the evil that existed in that space I
walked away unscathed anything I walked
away feeling like I needed that lesson
and I needed something so kind of over
the top to happen so because I don't
really have the time to keep going
through small situations that I tick off
one-off lessons about myself I learned
so many lessons in that one situation
that I'm like I'm oddly enough
appreciative of the high level of
dramatics that was surrounded in that
only because I have spent the past year
working on my emotional maturity and I
was able to learn how to use my
vulnerability to help me evolve into a
better person now it's a two-step
process and it
is gonna seem so rudimentary and simple
it's kind like this quagmire to really
Express kind of the philosophy oh I'm so
sweaty to express the philosophy behind
it but the first step is identifying
what you are emotionally insecure about
or just in general what do you need to
work on as a person and realizing your
emotional and mental weaknesses it's a
really simple idea right to be more self
aware of who you are but for some people
that is just really difficult to sit
down and have that conversation with
themselves and own their shortcomings
because somehow having insecurities
makes people feel more insecure it's
like this never-ending cycle but really
be honest with yourself and put yourself
in a space mentally of self-love for me
it was being articulate about my
emotions like I don't like talking about
feelings or emotions when it comes to
intimate partners I just like I can't I
used to not be able to say that I like
you like I would like poke and prod and
be snarky and witty and make jokes and
kind of try to try to get you to say
that you like me but I won't be I get
married
I go into a situation immediately
looking for reasons not to trust the
person so I have a piece of me that
likes to self-sabotage relationships and
so these are things that I knew now I
also knew very clearly what I wanted out
of a partner and if I want those things
out of a partner and that I want them to
be open-minded I want them to be
understanding even if they don't agree I
want them to even when they correct me
always speak out of a place of genuine
love and care and not a place of malice
I wanted them to be ever-evolving and
confident in themselves and have you
know things that they're interested in
that don't necessarily having to be
interested in them you know I have this
list of things that I want in a partner
but not just because these are the
things that a man has to meet in order
for me to deal with them but because
these are also things that I need to
find it myself the second step is just
to put it into action now it sounds
simple but that's a hard part for a lot
of people is that well how do I put it
into action because to them it's like oh
right if I know that I haven't issued my
vulnerability and being open the next
guy or a woman that I deal with do I
just make myself more open to them and
then won't I end up getting my feelings
hurt won't I be more attached like I'm
doing all these things because I'm
trying to avoid the fuck-boy and so how
do I do these things and then avoid
getting screwed over by a batboy there
is no way to avoid it that is what is
hard about dealing with your emotional
self is there are going to be some
points in the process where you're going
to get your feelings hurt things aren't
going to go the way you want them to go
immediately because so many of us don't
deal with our emotional selves that as
you mature on an emotional level a lot
of your peers and associates are going
to remain emotionally immature
and we all have the potential to get
very comfortable with things not because
they're good for us because but because
they're familiar even when they make us
miserable just because you might have
less peers that you can hang out with on
a day-to-day basis doesn't mean that if
you continue on this journey and you
make sure that you are forever
self-aware and that you are genuine and
moving with good integrity that things
won't just come full circle for you I
don't ever want to encourage people to
turn their nose up at their associates
or you know kind of come out with a chip
on their shoulder cuz I part of the
process for me was getting rid of the
chip that I had on my shoulder and
always assuming that people outright
don't understand me now that I've worked
on my emotional maturity and that I'm
you know now a lot more comfortable
being vulnerable and talking about my
feelings and you know letting go and not
being so caught up on controlling things
I now have to get to the point where I'm
not constantly explaining myself to
people because I assume that they don't
know and really owning that the people
that need to get it will get it I just
have to keep on moving from those who
don't get it ending what I want all my
smart brown girls to take away from this
is one I really want you to make the
effort in life to be cognizant of your
emotional and mental health take time to
be selfish about your own self-care just
take the time to be honest with yourself
as always I'm always encouraging you to
keep a journal if you want more tips on
that I also have a video and blog post
on that but really take the time if you
need help I've been talking through my
process via smart brown girl videos that
is where a lot of the inspiration has
come from you at some point will get
your feelings hurt and that it's just a
part of life you cannot go around life
trying to avoid taking risks because the
only person you're gonna hurt on in the
long run is you because even if you do
end up in a relationship it's how is
that going to be fulfilling if you don't
even know how to fulfill yourself if
you're denying yourself emotionally why
you expect someone else to not deny you
as well as long as you're aware of it
and for the most part striving to do
better and you are embracing the process
you will see a return that is so worth
it in the long run even if at one point
you was
on your knees gasping for air crying
over some foot boy who didn't deserve
your magic you know and you only are
gonna realize that three months after
the fact because we've all been there
we've all done it it's fine girl but
once you go through that I promise you
the next Negro you deal with if he turns
out to not be it you'll walk away on
much higher ground and it's not like
it's gonna be a continually reoccurring
theme where you're always splayed out
and laid out because somebody that hurt
your feelings because you have taken
yourself on the process to shedding your
emotional insecurities and being
comfortable with your own vulnerability
and removing the right for anybody to
use it against you I hope to see you all
grow thanks for being awesome smart
brown girls
