hey guys what's up it's been a minute
and I have not done a get ready with me
video in a while so this is gonna be
released shotgun style a little ranch it
because I need to go get me a Texas ID
and you know I gots to put something on
something away and get cute so my
picture can be cute I'm yep I'm swapping
in my feather ID I can't find my regular
man but we just gonna get into it do it
like this honey boo boo so I'm gonna do
the same thing I've been doing the same
 it's time to get my eyebrows done
but um but since I plan on hopefully I
can beat the traffic guys and get back
home before rush hour lord it's already
2 p.m. what's 1:30 but by time I paid my
make it would be to be in and at my time
I go out to the city ass Department of
Safety DMV that is I'm going on our
Webster so I don't have to like know
fuckery
at the dancer rehear and the traffic
coming guy for clearly I don't know how
bad it's been today but I can always
talk a bummer 21 girls shopping I got
money
what I don't are they same thing been
doing long time no see I'm probably
gonna put a little bit of makeup on
because if I could get back while the
Sun still shining i'ma shoot some videos
so got the beats of bang boom - did you
miss me her eyebrows dead
still using my concealer pots little
literally I've had these for what two
years I still love them same colors
golden beige
clear day I think so now I got me a
little tense I don't move up the medium
beige with the under eye concealer
mm-hmm probably could get into some fun
right now but I haven't been out of the
Sun this week oh there we go
and yes you know I really be using my
Beauty Blender much because like fingers
and my what is this like blinker this my
Sigma kabuki my one Sigma brush that I
love it then that can reach in and blend
in the concealer around the eye
without actually taking what I did to my
eyebrows all I'm gonna set it boy girl
math girl boy I can never remember Jesus
helpless Oh
what does it really matter what the name
brow gel setting down eyebrows on fleek
asleep you know I really got my makeup
down so when it takes me like 20 minutes
to do it
except for like when I'm going out
trying to be beat for the boards and I
put eyeshadow on look finger magic right
the most magical list thing of them all
is still the Bobby Brown those the Laura
Mercier tinted moisturizer life in a $48
jar and it's low-key it's just like just
wait watch the magic happen watch it
happen make it work
come back be bad you pull it just it's
like I got the tan but the tan still
don't resonate the way this moisturize
it it just brings out the melanin is
that melatonin is that other I'm about
to start making that where is using
words that I don't know the meanings to
work that into the skin and look at the
radiation just come out it's just like a
bottle of sunshine literally like I look
like sunshine
I'm gonna take my highlighter pen and
add some highlights under the eye
is this really necessary probably not
but I still do it because my eyes and
sit on forehead yes now I've kind of
been the anti contour persons of a
longest time but we're gonna take this
toast la pro la girl pro lightly dab
some oh that's not that side boob okay
pick some of this up squiggles
I know no I really just like I don't
really do nothing on anywhere else in my
face but I like how it make my cheek
look this way too much and then I go
back in
with the creamy beige I'd be calling
myself making a pallet I'm mixing colors
and like I know I know what I'm
doing
yeah we do we do with things every get
ready me I just be doing things that
might not really be doing nothing but it
make me feel good doing it sometimes a
lot well a lot of times really I enjoy
putting makeup on the other we think did
you enjoy it about it you know I'm just
difficult to clean eyes but I enjoyed
the eat my face off Alyssa's damn cute -
you know that was a highlight of my
evening sometimes I just have more fun
staring at myself but blend this is
burnt flesh one didn't I feel like if I
say blend it in while I'm blending it it
helps to blend in better so I blend
blend blend blend blend
you know like if you talk to yourself
and while you put the makeup on its
somehow comes out like so much better
this is the color that I am during the
summer time where the clothing I tell
myself I am during the summer time this
is the color I am during the winter time
look powder blackness now because I
don't want to use up all my favorite is
color cuz low key I might wear the
darker one year round and be lying to
myself I thought that I got back to like
powdering under the eye with a lighter
color is this necessary absolutely not
but just because I don't want to use up
the good Brown you know it might say
this a little bit longer flight two days
longer lash my favorite blush love Julie
mineralized blush from Matt this is
basically like LA Pro Mac pilot gonna
take a little bit of this wrong this is
brush ain't even full blush but
mmm-hmm dab it on the high points of the
shoes okay so I'm gonna use my axe
fluctuates mascara I'm putting on my
favoritest wig ever my able wig kinky
straight looks just like mine like I
woke up like this
she's flawless right pal effortless it's
like as you guys know I have to Ava's
kinky straight waist
the only difference between them is
one's 20-inch I believe this one is
16-inch
and this one has your tats I would
definitely order the wig without ear
tiles
I'm not to spin fond of them but other
than that love this wig link down below
with a coupon code for you to purchase
if you looking for kinky wigs it's the
one the game and I'm not the only one
what we review without heroes with but I
wear these issue out of mine alright I'm
going to do a neutral lip color to go on
my stay blessed and I'm rather available
at shot
I wanted to make this even more
realistic I push it back behind the
hairline and actually create a part but
I'm not going to that I'm just going on
a DFT
ain't nobody will be up on my foreheads
that day a much girl we could do it like
this I wonder what part of Germany @yx
makes her lip pencil they all say meet
under me so I'm gonna take the NYX brown
line and line my lips lettuce you got
big lips girl lip liner is like almost
always a requirement a line lips and I'm
gonna take one of my old school
wet-and-wild very cheap lippies and
think pink these be like 99 cents a
store and they are so you can't have an
ounce of chalk on your lip
like I do feel it shine this will show
all your chocolate
just in the center of my lip hey boo hey
boo hey boo hey boo
and then I got this do we finish and why
I have long last thing I bought this
from Ulta this is a really thin girl who
knows but it feels good
how do you explain too much all but I
feel decadence connecting it is another
front of my hairs way
ha ha joke's on you boo you like and
this is legitimately probably what I do
yeah a little bit more makeup than I was
wearing before but this is what I've
been wearing as of late like I look like
the glory of Jesus rain down on me
through the sunshine of Texas and let me
go deal with some Texas but three white
