hey guys Josie here and on today's video
we are going to be discussing if it's
possible for black Americans to
appropriate African culture so recently
a young lady and I promise I'm not
trying to butcher her name it's actually
visually is a very pretty name
I feel like it's too poor out I might be
pronouncing it wrong wrote a blog post
for it the people section on medium.com
which is basically like I think it's an
online magazine published via medium
targeted at black people accused and
asked that black Americans stop
appropriating African culture because
after clicking through pictures of this
year's afropunk she just felt like black
Americans are culturally unaware and/or
ignorant of the African culture that
they are appropriating when they are
wearing the tribal markings on their
face but first let me get ready for this
video I'm ready now we simply ask what
is African Africa is a continent of 54
countries at least 54 countries
recognized by the United Nations and do
all the countries even like each other
do all the countries have similar
culture it's like 10 we even get into
the number of ethnic groups that exist
on the continent of Africa and whether
or not they actually like each other
whether or not they are all very
culturally similar the very broad and
general time what support is really
targeting is African culture is really
more specifically West African culture
and I think even before we get into the
need of what her Wow our article is
divisive and al-aksa understanding of
culture and history at large is that I
find it rather inappropriate for West
Africans to think that their culture is
the culture of Africa at large in
general with Africa's a vast land of
many embassies and cultures Zipporah
also she's black British and I
questioned severely
she's never been to the United States
has she ever been to New York City
because for her to click through
afropunk pictures and find that black
americans are appropriating this mystic
african culture with the white tribal
markings which I saw those plenty of
people out afropunk with face paint on
makeup on their face with white dots
down the nose and above the eyebrow
bridge factual as somebody who lived in
Brooklyn New York for eight years
one third of blacks in New York City are
immigrants that's not even counting
second and third-generation
from the Caribbean and Africa who still
hold strong cultural ties to the land of
their parents and grandparents my
personal perspective as a black American
in New York it was much more common meet
somebody who identified as Caribbean or
African before you met someone else who
was just regular old black American in
New York City a city in the United
States of America so how many of those
people weren't actually appropriating
anything how many of those people were
actually African or West Indian or
practices of religions like Santeria how
so how many of those people can you
count for sure
we're actually black American the
article starts off with just a very big
gaping hole in cultural understanding of
the makeup of black in America black in
America is no longer by large or by far
especially in major cities in major
pockets in America is no longer
descendants of slate of black slaves
brought over in the nineteenth century
and for somebody to attack black people
in America as simply a monolith of
culturally ignorant descendants of
slaves who have no connection to Africa
which is in itself an entirely ignorant
thought which we'll get to in a minute
they're just wrong like there's no other
way to go about it like this is so it's
just so ignorant that I'm kind of like
girl you really had a nerve the nerve to
publish that without doing a quick
google search because google.com
couldn't and
my homegirl a whole lot and if you're
going to accuse black Americans of
appropriating can you even point to what
culture and ethnicity they are actually
appropriating now me weighing the sky
she G which was made for me by a lady
from the DRC the Democratic Republic of
Congo in Cape Town South Africa
you could say I'm appropriating because
I am and Ascended of black slaves in
America according to the article her
case for accusing black Americans of
appropriating was that we are culturally
unaware of the things that were wearing
now what I can tell you is that the
Dutch Shiki originated somewhere between
Senegal and Ghana it's mostly attributed
to Ghanian culture the fabric that I am
wearing is called Angelina in order for
your Dutch you get to be authentic the
fabric should not be printed on double
sides now now let me ask you how many of
your fellow black people no matter where
in the African Diaspora they are from
have you seen rocking at that shaky that
looks more like this this is not an
authentic dashiki you can tell because
it's not printed on both sides and as a
matter of fact the tag said it was made
in Thailand I bought this from a
Nigerian shop in Delaware okay now how
many people wearing this regardless of
where in the African Diaspora they
identify with can actually tell you
their difference between what I'm
wearing and what they're wearing I
promise you all sides of the African
Diaspora all culturally ignorant I say
this as a black American who happens to
love culture with a capital C who
happens to be rather well-read on a vast
number of historical cultural things
specifically dealing with West Africa
and I can tell you how annoying most
people from West Africa would find what
I just did they don't particularly like
when people know more about their
culture than they do and ever going to
talk about black Americans appropriating
African culture then we should talk
about Africans appropriating American
culture there is a thing called the
transatlantic glue and the reason why I
think it's so easy to target black
Americans in this cultural conversation
when it comes to the African Diaspora
whether we're accusing us of
appropriating whether accusing black
Americans of not having a culture
whether accusing black Americans are
just being lost people in general is
that when black people were brought over
from Africa as slaves to the Americas
and the West Indies Africa was not
colonized so we're not necessarily lost
because we are unaware or because we
have no interest in our African roots
we're literally unable to say where
ethnic ly we are from colonization
didn't happen until the 1900s you know
when the white man came to Africa and
divided up the land amongst themselves
that's when African ethnicities of those
lands were given a new nationality
so even you're identifying as ganea
Senegalese Nigerian is it in that way
some sort of loss of your own culture if
you're gonna accuse us of losing culture
and I don't really take issue with
anybody's pride and their culture I
actually find that to be a beautiful
theme of black people in our diversity
throughout the African Diaspora but for
us to start pointing our fingers at each
other in demeaning and demoralizing ways
I just don't see any productivity in
that you know we want to say hey you
should all be more culturally aware I
don't think being culturally aware of
Africa is simply a problem of black
America there are many people who come
from Africa who come to America or
Europe or anywhere in the Western world
and because the idealization of
capitalism of materialism of trying to
succeed in the white supremacy society
that most of us exist in we lose a sense
of ourselves in a sense of our culture
you can read any given Chinua buck to
understand this it's been talked about
ad nauseam with many of the African
literati that came out of the 1950s and
60s again what is still dismissive about
this article is that black America does
have a very strong culture but rid
ourselves of this appropriating term and
say has inspired in a transatlantic loop
afro B first president of Ghana and
Nigeria who were both members of Phi
Beta Sigma and educated at Lincoln
University also black American culture
what expired fail on you can watch they
love documentary that's on Netflix where
they talk about him coming to America
and seeing James Brown the I'm black and
I'm proud movement in that influencing
in the publication of his music you can
look at high life music that came out of
Ghana you this is so many things that
you could go on and on about and it's
not that black American culture has
inspired more African culture than it's
like no there has been a current forever
and a day going on between the African
diaspora throughout whether you look at
Santeria that has come out of a religion
that comes out of Cuba and Brazil it's
influenced by Yoruba culture and
religion whether you look out not to
leave out the West Indies with Jamaican
culture which has a very strong tie to
Ghana or you look at how many of the
civil rights leaders were direct
descendants of the Caribbean whether
Marcus Garvey who's actually a Jamaican
so I just want to boohoo
all my smart brown girls no matter what
ethnicity they identify with whether
it's a singular whether it's multiple
whether you have more national pride
whether you just identify as black and
I'm proud and I'm beautiful to be proud
of who you are and I think we should
never be insular people who are only
concerned with our small social circle
and bubble I think culture is such an
inspirational thing it provides so much
context and history and understanding of
how we interact with each other and
there's just so much to learn from it
that we should all embrace it on some
level II some of us can communicate to
her why that article was problematic and
she could learn from it and you know
don't hang it over her head she's a cute
girl I hope she flourishes she's a
YouTube channel if you're interested in
black girls in Thailand you should go
watch it and I really hope that you know
she kind of learns about the value of
research before penning her next article
questioning or attacking another
demographic of black people and I say
this with all the love and awareness
that I could have in my heart that's not
shade girl it's just factual let me know
your thoughts in the comments down below
hopefully we keep this peaceful and not
boastful oh please my last video with
Evelyn from the Internet's about
Africans and african-americans girl
3,000 comments later people are still
trying to rewrite history
free to make their ethnicity the end-all
be-all of mankind I penned an article
for the route calm it'll be linked down
below if it's not published by the time
I put this video up check back later and
I'll leave a comment down below as well
so thank you for supporting stay blessed
and I'm violet and black and beautiful
I'm proud of our diversity that's why I
called it the smart brown girl
