hey guys Julia time for another pops
knives we talked about everything from
the low growl to the high brow as long
as your eyebrows are on fleek and this
week I am sipping on my favorite it is a
true daddy and beverage paired rocks
which the local chili restaurant near me
finally hot and stop after like a year
of living here in Houston and some Apple
Crown Royal cling-clang cling-clang
cling-clang ponies leave a comment down
below and let me know what you are
sipping on this week so this week's pop
stock is gonna be a little short my
family just laughed at the begin my
house for a week was a good time but
girl I love living by myself really
really early in the morning I am headed
to Charleston South Carolina where I'll
be sitting on a Google panel about
amplifying black voices with Kat Blaque
Quinta of BuzzFeed Dre um the young man
from the young turn I'm super duper
excited mainly because the woman on the
panel are this awesome oh and array of
the social activists of Twitter same I'm
super excited you are in Charleston
South Carolina I will leave a link down
below for you to RSVP and see you like
well I'm gonna give this video up either
late tonight or tomorrow morning so
whatever I'm gonna see you tonight
I guess also you can purchase your stay
blessed and I'm bothered bug at shop
that's tomorrow girl calm you also have
smart brown girl bugs we have a stay
blessed I'm bothered t-shirt and smart
brown girl t-shirts obviously so
supporting via the shop also helps me to
produce more smart brown girl content
also in another way to help finance the
smart brown girl thing well keep my
integrity I have launched the smart
brown girl book store I also recently
this past Sunday put up my 2015 book
list I am packing back feminist straight
on the plane with me in the morning and
I am super excited to finally launch a
book club next month so check all that
out in the description box down below
and let's go
this pop star first off Amelia Boynton
Robinson full rights activist and
organizer who helped with the Selma
March it was also featured in the Selma
movie she was played by the rain two
sides passed away at the age of 104 so
definitely rest in peace to a marvelous
smart brown girl would definitely paved
the way for the rest of us the most
unfortunate news happened this morning
in Roanoke Virginia where a shooter and
I had this thing about saying shooters
names because I just feel like you
should we should never really exalt the
shooter
we should always exalt the victims a
former employee of a local news station
shot and killed two of his co-workers
and then later shot and killed himself
up but then even crazier part is that he
taped himself doing it and then posted
the video to Facebook the video is here
on YouTube I am NOT going to link it I
did watch it because I'm stupid and it
really is just one of the most
horrifying like I think it's I've been
reading these pieces as of late that
what comes to kind of the assault by
police on black bodies how we have
picked up a fetish at watching people be
assaulted and died essentially and I
think there's definitely some
credibility that and I'm actually at
fault of that too because I should have
never I don't even know why I could from
the video like I really just shouldn't
have been it's not something I should
have been interested in seeing but I'm
just so flabbergasted that this guy had
the goal to actually record himself
unfortunately he was black and so this
is probably going to be used as an
attack on black lives matter
this shooters actions are not indicative
of the black lives matter campaign that
was started by three black women who
were trying to champion for the rights
of black men and women who are facing
violence by people of authority general
what I personally think and I don't even
know if we're ready for this
conversation yet or not but I you know I
got have asked me about the soda buyers
and the Nazis of the world and hitting
colors and I'm just v admittedly against
this and I almost feel like this
shooting is more in line of the
propaganda that's pushed forth via that
kind of hitting colors
blame everything on somebody else march
of the black woman that kind of hope
hidden colors some point we're gonna
have to have that conversation it's
gonna be real complicated aspect but I'm
not here for anybody other places on
black lives matter but we can it might
just be a hidden colored thing that's my
shaver theocracy news there has been a
half of the cheating website Ashley
Madison now girl I never heard his
website a day in my life until like two
weeks ago actually Bob we've been
talking about it for a minute it's never
clicked on it because I lost I'll push
the white man's and I just wasn't
interested but as it turns out on this
cheating website several high-profile
men have had accounts and were active
with their accounts on this website
including none other than the already
sexually perverted Josh Duggar of the 19
Kids and Counting family he is the
oldest boy of the Duggar family and he
not only recently was accused of
sexually assaulting his sisters and his
sister's young friends and now he's
entered into rehab because he is
addicted to porn and what's really
unfortunate is his wife who also grew up
in the same set she's not very well
educated and she's been trained to
essentially stand by her husband and be
the best wife she can be to uplift her
husband and I do wonder kind of what is
going through her mind now like how does
she internalize this if she's already
being told that she has a responsibility
to keep her husband I guess I don't know
like I didn't even I don't know how to
tournament it's just kind of weird weave
into these religions where the women are
so taught to be subjugated to their
husbands that when the husbands falter
is she gonna put blame on herself does
she really have any options not that I'm
saying she needs to divorce them or that
should be her course of action but I do
wonder what is anybody really concerned
I think her name is like an or Ana is
anybody would be concerned about her
well-being and more specifically her
mental health example of white
mediocracy
you know YouTube gives the best examples
the popular YouTube vlogging couple Sam
and Nia girl you know this a hole in the
side of YouTube that I don't even care
for I don't particularly watch a whole
lot of walks
a lot of my audience says I have
homegirls who everyone to the vlog scene
I don't even watch my own blogs I did
would upload it back back I got a vlog
channel I'll link it here but I am NOT
up go to the video on a month because
I'm shady but girl this stool for the
hell you announce to your wife that
she's pregnant like how does that happen
that issues like entirely absurd to me
that you can you would think taking a
pregnancy test and dipping it in the
toilet where she has peed but not
flushed is going to render an accurate
pregnancy test you're done now not only
are they dumb and not only are they out
there for the coin like look we know you
just wanna be internet famous we get it
when you white that ain't nothin but the
Ultra Christian and posting up daily
vlogs on YouTube girl I wish it was as
easy for me as it is for you but I can't
hate the swindle however now he's been
caught as being on the Ashley Madison
website and also having a very active
Aikau
and so Golf Course is gonna have a
heyday trying to rip this man down I
ain't really got much interest in seeing
either him or Josh Duggar semis or
anybody that's caught on the website I'm
just like how dumb are y'all to think
that there would be never be any fallout
for participating in a website that
allows you to cheat on your wife like
bruh and better news Sandra bland has
had a street named after her that leads
to Prairie View A&M the county officials
are hoping that is a reminder of all
that she has adored and the fight for
our basic human rights I'm very happy
that Waller County has now named a
street after Sandra bland much respect
to her Serena Williams because she's
just dominating 2015 and all her
awesomeness New York Times Magazine
wrote an exceptional write-up and
whether or not you are Serena Williams
or a tennis fan in general this article
is a must read for the smart Brown
grounds because the author went through
great lengths just how to explain the
nuances of what it means to exalt
yourself as black excellence and the
expectation of us always having to be
three times as good as our opponents and
still not being able to revel in our
achievements without people
questioning where our humility is are
telling us to pipe down and not be
confident in what we have clearly
achieving through our own merits I just
feel like the article speaks to us with
so much of us as black women and men
goes through in life I will link it down
below you need to read it tonight while
you sip it on y'all drag even if you
just drinking some water girl or you
took it from green tea if ya'll breathe
tea and read the article and then be
inspired to be black excellence in real
life I'm kidding
I believe he like writes for a daily
cause daily cause he's also a social
activist it's very popular on Twitter my
man we were having conversations about
what the Shawn King was black or not for
a minute way every time somebody
mentions his name in real life we're
always like so let's eat black or not he
looked like John B we all know John be a
white boy
but Shawn King is very very active in
just the overall civil rights black
lives matter campaigning there's been
some questionable things that I've
happened to me round to him previously
but recently Bret bar I don't even feel
like correctly pronounces website's name
they're conservative the racist is
 and they thought they had gotten
their hands on some juicy information
they called Shawn King the Rachel
Dolezal part too except for Shawn King
has never lied about his race they are
saying that Shawn King has lied to get a
scholarship to Morehouse which is where
he matriculated and then he's lied about
being biracial Oh Shawn replied to the
article that then went to Trent went
trending on Twitter and it's it was all
it really was was to divert from the
actual black lives matter campaign this
is how you know that US protesting us
being active us speaking out on social
media is impacting because white people
are so in a feelings that they are
finding every little way to take someone
down now I was out humoring I mind a
little I because what Shawn did that
like 36 tweets like in him he one two
three he made a point each one and still
through his points and directly address
whether he was black
that I was like my man is hilarious but
I also get what he was saying his whole
point is that he comes from a family he
doesn't talk specifically about his race
because it's a messy story and he
doesn't want to involve his family and
his public advocacy like that basically
goes there well it's like you can be
popular and of some notoriety but that
doesn't mean that your family members
want to be involved in that either and
so when he finally wrote his article for
Daily Kos he did say you know the man is
looking on his butt on his the man that
is listed on his birth certificate who
was a white man is not his biological
father his mother had an affair with the
black man who is his father and he
doesn't know him and he is therefore
biracial which is not an unbelievable
story he hasn't been coming in and
telling the blatant lies but like his
parentage and his history as they'd
Rachel Dolezal and I feel like she
really really messed up this
conversation around race and gave white
supremacist way too much room to have
conversations about how we identify in
the black community in more race news 12
black women were kicked off at Napa
Valley wine tour trained for laughing
while black because some white woman
complained about how loud their last day
was now if you had a large group
together and y'all all laugh at the same
time and I'm not talking about like no
young folk and even if they were young
it don't really matter but it was
grandmas in the group it was a book club
group they might have been cracking
jokes and all laughing at the same time
but I mean that's natural like then
change your car like how do they get
kicked off for enjoying themselves
you're on a wine tour you're drinking
wine girl since the dingy quiet time
with your wine then go to life get
yourself a private Somali a to come to
your house and give you a wine-tasting
don't go on a tour of Napa Valley on a
Wine Train and then get mad because
people are enjoying themselves CEO of
the train company in and of having to
apologize the women and owning up to his
company's mishandling of the situation
girl Twitter was lit with the hashtag
laughing wah black hand embarrassed girl
congratulations to her and tad on their
pregnant
see delete release the picture I've
heard her baby bub looking super cute
I'm just wondering is Riley somewhere in
some corner mad with momma Joyce and
that's it for this week and pops night I
will see you guys all next week as I
cover a bunch of smart brown girl
pastime videos throughout the week I'm
excited are you if you have any tips for
any topics post them down below and shop
that smart brown girl comm get your mug
so you can sip along with me to do says
