hey guys it's Judy but because I've
launched my book store and you guys have
been so requesting it of me I am going
to kind of do like my 2015 book list
this is more of a compilation of like
books that I've ordered and/or read this
year most of these books that I actually
like are listed on my jolzi smart brown
girl bookstore which is linked down
below I have a novice reader list an
avid reader list and I will also be
curating my list of current read so what
are my rotations of reads are currently
and hopefully in September we will be
able to launch this book club get lunch
I have a bunch of books sitting right
behind me on my bed and it's actually
quite a few I didn't realize how many
books I've ordered I am like every other
week ordering two to three books and
when I just finished is tiny TC coats
between the world and me once we start
the book club this will be the first
book that we do so go ahead and purchase
it read it loved it but now I'm in a
book I have to do a full review on it
later get to the book club thing on it
later
awesome read his description of Howard
University and understanding the
diversity of black people is like the is
the exact same feeling I had when going
to Howard and it's part of the
foundation of why this smart brown girl
then a previous review on Chiba Mondas
Americana I will link that right here
I'm very happy I read it I think if
you're a first generation anything you
should definitely go read Americana it
isn't good it's a great and lengthy read
but I've absolutely loved half of a
Yellow Sun like this is kind of a
fiction this is a fiction novel based on
kind of like a love story around during
the Biafra war the movie which stores um
treatable the guy whose name I already
messed up the guy who taught me is a
slave and anika Noni Rose wasn't as good
basically because I really liked the
twin Canyon a I'm sorry if I be
butchering names but Connie a I loved
love loved her character and her
character wasn't really that developed
in the movie but in the book she's like
hands-down my favorite and very very
interesting story didn't have be
offering more I live in Houston and I
have quite a few Nigerian friends here
and one of them there's a book club that
I went to once or twice and somebody in
the book club recommend
that I Ricci watching a memoir there was
a country so I started reading this book
I read about actually a lot of it is
I've read one in half because about this
much of the book is reference notes this
much of the book is reference notes and
this is how much I've read and this is
how much I would have left to read and
this really intellectual eise's if
that's a word the war that happened and
you know not that I didn't think that
the players in the war weren't
intellectual people but it gives it the
same kind of nuances that we give to how
like Lyndon Johnson and Robert McNamara
dealt with the Vietnam War so in that
tone I mean I got through half of the
book that was like her I'd only care
that much while Biafra but it was
nonetheless you know great perspective
then because I read she was book I was
like well you know I'm a big fan of war
Lisa linka who happens to be a Nigerian
your boat author so I went because I'm a
nerd and got his books is you much set
forth at dawn so I thought she was my
mama's log girl look at this small print
dish you can't even see it it's so tight
T what's interesting is I think we when
we talk about colonization we don't
think about the literati that came out
of that and that a lot of the writers of
who came out of these African countries
were very highbrow intellectuals that
were chillin with James Baldwin chillin
with um who's the dude that wrote the
seat The Grapes of Wrath that guy that
white guy girl look I'm running all
sorts of links but they were chilling
with the literati of America and not
just the black kind of civil rights
activist but also you know the white
authors of Arts at that time a lot of
these authors kind of had a
cross-cultural connection with these
other Arthur's and musicians and so it's
very interesting what I like more about
Willie's book is it is the language of
it is also very heavy and kind of
archaic you will expand your vocabulary
reading either Chinua or wall lays
memoir but wall lays kind of has a more
fluid read and is more like poetry it
stays true to his style in the plays
that he's written so if you're familiar
or you like any of his readings because
my more might be a little bit easier to
digest though people think I'm obsessed
with Nigeria whatever I like cultural
capital see and I like I love the
diversity of black people and I think if
you read tiny Zico to understand
I come from a little bit more but I just
like reading about the kind of era of
where this like black literati was very
well cultivated similarly which reason
to the next book that I I actually
finished and completed and I also met
this author whose name is Kenyon
we've not child I met this author and I
met Evelyn's little brother because he
spoke at University of Houston
Noguchi why the young goal girl messed
that all up we've that child is just a
very short it's actually I think in
certain places is read in like
elementary middle school
it is a bathroom brothers who come about
in Kenya post-world War two now it's a
fiction story obviously I think in
contact this is a book that you can read
with your children if you have a
ten-year-old and up they can definitely
digest this book and it's great to read
because it teaches there's a lot of
motifs in it in that it talks about kind
of the struggle between understanding
where you come from and wanting to move
forward from that the struggle between
being part of your community but also
wanting to progress it also gives you
some context for what what happened in
Africa post-world war ii what we do not
talk a lot about in history is the
impact that the world wars had on Africa
and also had a direct hand and how
Africa was divided up into colonized
territory
we're coming in America to a better
understanding of West Africa and the
historical context behind that but East
Africa a lot of us just don't have any
kind of context behind so and Rwanda
Kenya Uganda were very deeply impacted
by World War two and so this is a great
starter to kind of give your child good
historical starting point for
understanding the Africa as a continent
in the massive continent than it is and
it's just a really good book overall the
book that I finally got a copy of and
I've read a million times over it is
James Baldwin the fire next time it is
um I believe it's two essays starting
with one that he reads to his nephew I
think this is a great read only just
because of like it's James Baldwin duh
but also understanding kind of the the
flow that tondc Coates takes in his
writing and a lot of reviews
specifically mentioned the fire next
time of James Baldwin so I personally do
not think that Baldwin and Cole
writing style is that similar I think
they happen to be both black men who
penned novels as letters to relatives to
younger relatives but Baldwin is
definitely more of a preacher I mean he
was a preacher it's a lot more steep to
God and faith and religion and he's a
lot more kind of stern like boom boom
boom and longwood in his writing and
Coates is more of like a he's when is it
a theist and he came out in the Arab
hip-hop so his writing has more of a
beat to it but you know be smart brown
girl and read both and contrast and
compare for fun I got Samantha Irby she
writes for very smart brothers calm she
also has a blog she's effing Hall Larry
is and I got her book collection of
essays meaty which are just fun awkward
black girl funniest like this
really really good reads and she's just
effing hilarious like I I can't even say
any more about it also read god I must
go by taissa lassie which is a bout a
family or Nigerian Guinean it talks
about kind of their relationship with
their father and the how his choices in
life impact disrupt and bring the family
back together again now I read this book
and I didn't actually really like it
that doesn't mean that I don't think you
should read it
I think if you are from Ghana if you are
from Nigeria if you were from anywhere
in West Africa you might like this book
my own my run is really bad because I
really really really really really want
to like this book but the like the
language is just so flowery it's just
like she takes so long to get to the
point and I feel like I feel like if I
ever met Selassie in real life like she
would just be bougie aesthetic like
that's really what I felt labor is but
because she spent so much time flexing
her intellect and granted she all got
apologized to no one for that I get it
but she spends just a lot kind of
showing like she brings in so many
references that makes it hard for the
reader to really grasp on to it's like
okay I get that you're trying to show
how much you know about Greek mythology
and how much you know about all these
other things and tying this into this
experience right here but I just think
there's a more succinct way to get to
the point and the book really didn't
pick up for me until like the last
chapter like literally the lash after
the book is my favorite cause it's like
okay aha this all makes sense
but it's really kind of long drawn-out
streams of consciousness that are
flexing how much class an intelligence
this person has and so it's a little
off-putting but I did finish the book I
mean I think there is a audience of
people that would definitely like this
book
I'm just not wasn't my favorite aunt
izaki Cheng a second book Lillian I
bought this because I thought maybe I
can read it I got up until oh I think
this is another book that I do plan on
going back and eventually completing but
I just wasn't I was like it's not the
same as for colored girls I could just
buzz it but I want to support because my
brown bear oh the goat I had a support
but I wasn't too keen on this oh yeah up
somewhere James Baldwin nobody knows my
name clearly I read this several times
refreshers so much going on with police
brutality actually I meant to say this
in one of my videos I highlighted a
passage from here 1961 they have every
right to refuse to be bombed by a set of
attitudes as useless now not absolutely
as a pillory finally the time is forever
behind it when Negros could be expected
to wait what is demanded now and at once
is not that Negros continue to adjust
themselves to the crucial racial
pressures of life in the United States
but that the United States readjust
itself to the facts of life in the
present world that Billy read god help
the child not my favorite Toni Morrison
book I did a whole entire review on it
and blog post if you have not read Toni
Morrison or you find it hard kind of
getting into her writing style because
she's very motif heavy this is a good
starter but for the mower Abbot Toni
Morrison reader this might be like a
girl yeah I love you it's like you love
your grandma but you know every does she
cook ain't the someone's just okay
it was just okay so a lot of nonfiction
books that I haven't read that I do plan
on getting more into I'm not I'm
probably not going to sit down and read
these all in one reading but just for
knowledge because I do talk I'm talking
more about social advocacy talk about
being black in America and in this world
and to better help me understand how to
approach Oh Michelle Alexander who got a
shout out from Michael Eric Dyson when
he wrote that lengthy takedown of corner
Cornel West the new Jim Crow Massacre
serration in the age of colorblindness
about the increase of incarceration
black people in America um definitely
wanted to read this because I have a
really good friend in Philadelphia who's
a researcher who is like scrubbing
himself clean of social media I don't
entirely understand but he's been doing
a lot of work on the ground about
tackling the incarceration rate for
black males in America he teaches a
class there and every time he and I get
up and talk we sit and talk a lot about
it and he's so smart I wanna get on his
level so I'm gonna do this eventually
and if you just you know reference
points you don't always have to
difficult you own these books you check
them out from the library does it mean
that you have to sit down and read them
front to back you know sometimes having
a good book that you can skim or half a
reference point is a great start in
itself well am I talking too fast
sorry post-traumatic slave syndrome dr.
Joey deGruy let me not butcher her name
but it's about America's legacy of
enduring injury and healing here's a
book that I've referenced often I've
skimmed it I have not sat down and read
it fully but girl you see I think that
is it's gonna take me a minute I'm gonna
get to this one though Medical apartheid
that the dark history of medical
experimentation on black Americans from
colonial times to present I reference
this book because I did a post on my
Facebook page about Planned Parenthood
I'm in full support of Planned
Parenthood I know there are a lot of
black people who have questioned
Margaret Sanger's opinion on eugenics
back in the 1920s but you know I record
this book because what's really good
when you go out to boycott things
especially when it comes around
medicines or whether we're boycotting
you know vaccines or we're boycotting
going to Planned Parenthood are we
boycotting certain things is
understanding how much of the medical
innovation specifically nineteen to sin
America and the world at large has come
through violence against black bodies
and this gives a really good viewpoint
about medical innovation in America and
how much that has come through the
experimentation on black bodies you know
what happened in Germany it's happened
throughout Africa like and that's why my
whole stance on Planned Parenthood is if
you're gonna boycott Planned Parenthood
and many people who are boycotting it
can afford to boycott it so who are you
really disservice in here then you
should boycott the speculum cuz the
entire history of the gynecological
speculum that is
to this day came through the violence
against black slave women a current read
that I'm starting is Roxanne gays bad
feminist essays I follow her on Twitter
she is amazing I really love her writing
she actually did an interview review of
tiny hissy coats book it is a hands-down
one of my favorite but I'm a fan of her
and I just really wanted to support her
work a lot of it is obviously about
being a feminist in the 21st century um
and if I already loved when chicken has
come home to roost by Joe Morgan which
is again about modern-day feminists as a
black woman so this is right in line
with that and it adds a good dose of
humor to it so I'm excited to read this
sorry if I talked too fast girl I don't
have so much to get done and I'm
thinking about doing a week of smart
brown girl videos which is really what's
on my mind right now let me know if you
would want me to do that I'm also my
sister and nephew are here and I'm like
working and I didn't take them out and
get out the house and so sorry guys also
if I would do a webinar series what are
some things that you would like to know
more about for me like what lessons
would you like me to give webinars are
basically online teaching sessions so
there's topics that you have questions
about that you would like me to cover
more in depth and I can pack it out into
a webinar please comment down below and
let me know it's always thanks for
supporting Cheers the smart brown girl
sip on something healthy today I mean
that's a book I got for you I have a
dream but dr. Martin Luther King do you
want to read yeah what's going on smart
girl water don't slap her all over it
keyway bye
