hey guys it's Josie's time for another
pop star we talk about everything from a
little brown to highbrow as long as
y'all eyebrows are on fleek and that
meddling is though I got this shirt from
Miss Gia's line on your blackness I have
a link down below and this week I am
drinking on ginger beer and Jack tails
honey taking it back old-school clink
clink clink clink Clank sip on these boo
boo okay so I took a little while to get
around this pop star because I was
really kind of offended by some of the
reaction of black women towards my video
on Sandra bland and then I ended up
doing another video for the following
smart brown girl
Thursday talking about how I'm just
gonna be unapologetic about my stance on
it and quite frankly I feel like anybody
who watch that Sandra bland video and
feel like Sandra bland should have done
something different or watches it and
feel like now they're gonna be silent
and not speak up for their rights or
whatever they could just go ahead and
under strive for me like I ain't got
time for y'all I really just by leave go
nope and then this whole idea that oh I
was fighting in court like have you
fought like a driving ticket in court
against the cops like the system is set
up for you to lose the work the cops
word is also going to go where so I
don't it's just super expensive that
black woman watch that video and take
away lessons on how black women need to
change but have nothing to say about how
the police and the action of proxeny say
but I did a whole video on that already
a whole blog post or not already you can
click right here to check that out
because I'm just not nope because the
cops are still killing us illegally
let's talk about Daniels boys out of
Cincinnati Ohio Ohio y'all are killing
the game literally the incident happened
at University of Cincinnati where a
police officer pulled over saving two
boys for not having a front plate
license a lot of states now or removing
the need to have a front plate including
Ohio Sam mentioned to the police officer
oh well I
I don't even even have a front plate no
more so I don't understand you know and
he was very polite about it very
respectful about it he did have a by
legit in the car the police officer
awesome his bottle was he Sam handed
over the bottle to him the problem came
when the police stopped would have tried
to enter in his car now
Sam did not have his driver's license on
him you can pull up somebody's record
without their license you can ask them
for their name the security number know
that ever happened the police officer
went for the car
Samuel dirt on his ignition and the
police officer fired like within two
seconds the video is super graphic it's
super disgusting and I'm just quite
frankly I'm still over trying to tell
the oppressed how to change and not
addressing the behavior they press there
because I'm sure there are people out
here that are like Sam could have just
got at the car Sam Clinton over hand it
over his license Sam couldn't what it
shouldn't did it it uh and what you're
doing it's victim shaming because now
you're putting the fault
on the victim no matter how I'll acquit
the words you use no matter how much you
want to sugar-coated you are self victim
shaming because you can write entire
paragraph essays speeches try to mummify
the persona of MLK as if he was just all
about peace come on read a history book
like get it together the civil rights
era was not peaceful and it's just like
what is I don't know why people are so
so hell-bent on ignoring history and
ignoring how change actually comes about
here and I'm just not here for trying to
shame the victim and ignore the damn
devil why God knows the scriptures
someone to buy what I've been talking
about it somewhere probably in the book
of saga Cagayan with them as five or in
proverbs or somewhere in first
Corinthians somewhere Peter Paul David
and the other Negro it's probably
telling y'all that job dumb for turning
a blind eye to the evil that said is
happening and not speaking out against
it somebody find out her for me and post
it down below
I mean Christina the daughter of Whitney
Houston and Bobby Brown
unfortunately passed away this past week
at the age of twenty two years old she
had been in a medically induced coma
since January and then in a hospice
probably for the past two months I find
sad about the entire Bobbi Kristina
situation is that it's just you it was
like a slow burn like you saw it coming
and there was absolutely nothing you
could do about it ever since her parents
at that reality show on Bravo being
Bobby Brown
and this signet ring that was her
relationship than her mother passing
away and she was really really close to
Whitney and this you know I don't know
that the child ever got the help but was
I just think as I recently went and saw
a documentary Amy about the life of my
house and it just to know how once you
get this excess of money and power
there's very little people could do to
stop you from doing harm to yourself
it's such was the case with Amy
Winehouse who passed away of alcohol
poisoning at 27 in that no one kind of
stopped her it's like you know there's a
small sliver of time right before a
person reaches their peak as far as like
the paparazzi following them and Fame
kind of enter into the life where you
have time to kind of help them Kurt
whatever their bad habits were and it's
just like Bobbi Kristina never had that
moment there never was that time for her
she was thrown into the spotlight at a
very young age and you know I mean I get
a normal brain Beyonce into everything -
but I always every time I look at the
way beyonce has been super private with
her daughter Blue Ivy and other
celebrities especially black celebrities
who are very kind of private with their
children I always feel like Whitney
Houston and Bobby Kristina are kind of
hopefully the last of an era where you
really see these black celebrity
children go through really depressing
times it's like Marvin Gaye's kids is a
hot-ass mess you know there's a whole
era of like super big black celebrities
and all they kid just came out tragic
Diana Ross is the only one that had kids
with some damn sense so shout out to her
but everybody else out of that like
entire 30 year period we had these super
big black pop star icons and their kids
just kind of yeah no no bueno but
interesting though to see all these
beauty bloggers could it be like all
right bye bye Christine I'm like they
really cared I think they make fun of
her but you know no one then these
people are going to say our piece and
you're bland or hey black guys matter
hey guys just shout out to black lives
matter tell us a black people that can
come by please
why we will definitely are enjoying
talking about Cecil the lion was killed
by a dentist in Zimbabwe now you know me
I like culture with a capital C I
specifically like the culture of the
African Diaspora
think black is like amazingly beautiful
in salad to say that I happen to have a
piqued interest in Zimbabwe 1 Zimbabwe
ins have crazy names too
Robert Mugabe is like the lack of the
big stick leaders in Africa and it's
just a really kind of interesting
duplicity and a man who kind of fought
back against Collin ISM and it's
pan-african and in some ways Pro black
but it's really kind of like
demoralizing these entire peoples and
just gives no fuck man I love that they
call the first lady Gucci grace you know
so any hope when I hear about the lion
in Zimbabwe I just like all these white
people mad about the line now get now
you be I'm mad about the lion too I'm
just wondering is why we mad about the
lion can we be mad about what's
happening is that people isn't Bob way
can't we be mad about what's happening
black people around the world can we be
bad about the treatment of human beings
to get to the dentist though this
dentist pay fifty five thousand dollars
to pull this lion Cecil out of the park
he was on a National Park in Zimbabwe he
was being tracked by some Observatory
that somebody's yearly salary fifty five
thousand dollars so they could pull the
lion into an area where it'd be easier
for him to shoot the line with the bow
and arrow the lion did not die after
he's child with the bow and arrow so
they had to go find the lion shoot it
with a gun they scalped it crop his head
and all he's gonna do with this is
probably what's the taxidermy in you
know where they have like the line that
you're hanging on their head like lions
tigers and bears oh my
I just I don't even get the point of
like hunting a lion like I don't get in
2015 why is a baron nobody since the Wiz
I'm confused on multiple levels because
I try to me I'm mad about the lying into
like that's some BS that dentist you
know it's unfortunate because then Bob
boy does not have the infrastructure to
actually put that dentist on trial and
charge them with anything so I don't
think anything but happened his white
man he only away scot-free but to me
it's like what is this whole industry
I'm hunting anyway in gaming in the 21st
century like it's not
necessary and you can game in America
you can game on gaming reservations
where animals are groomed that are not
endangered being extinct like to go
after in their animal in its natural
habitat pull it out of its natural
habitat because you don't want to get
killed and then you tell the lion for
what purpose like what I just I don't
even get the I like the adjoint meant
out of hunting like it just there's so
many things you do this well you can go
kill a black person for fun 2015 for all
that nobody gonna cry about that though
break verses Meek Mill now I am entirely
befuddled by this entire suppose it
beefs
I don't know how real it is I don't know
what it actually is
but Meek Mill has been on his feelings
on Twitter now I'm going to show a
campaigner for Nikki to get back with
safari even though we've done a low I
would I wouldn't be mad if it happen but
there's nothing that I find attractive
about Nicki and meek Mill together like
there's nothing appealing about that
relationship and I know it is unfair to
kind of put the actions of Meek Mill on
Nicki but it is you have to ask the
question of leg when me when Nicki and
Drake already have a very
well-established relationship you know
he on her last album
he's on only talking about how he would
like to sleep with Nicki once she breaks
up with her man and this is what she put
on her single this is a beat between two
people that you're very close with and a
person that you have allowed to kind of
say hyper-sexualized things about you
and you're okay with and you guys kind
of play it out and pay it to mind for
your fans about it so for me to come
after Drake now and talk about Drake as
a ghostwriter now let's go try in as a
real live industry in the music industry
if you ain't are you know I quite
frankly do not care put out our hot song
I'm gonna turn up toward the club anyway
to me you having a ghostwriter there's
nothing for me I don't care I have no
ambition to be a writer it's not gonna
crush my soul I'm sure all 20 million
Negroes out here still have dreams of
being rappers one day give it up or hurt
by Drake supposedly had and I get
matters to them what a night wreck has
writer to me it matters not but Drake
dropped at this trap I ain't really
listen to it because all I really care
I'm still you know was it hi can I try
to hit the club that's all I care about
but I did listen to the Meek Mill gist
we want to know or something I want to
know wanna know stuff girl it was just
so bad it was so bad and tragic like
meek like know that you can't go out
like this but I will know for all my
benevolence towards this supposed to be
Twitter was lit on Friday night like the
means the last the gags ha ha ha and
there's some councilmen out of Toronto
some old white man Twitter handle is at
norms and he's just shutting shit down
North tweeted this is the reason why
people hire ghost writers we didn't want
to know when a white man white
politician is coming for you in a rat
beef battle you lose Meek Mill you love
I briefly talk about Russell Sierra and
future last week so recently there's a
picture of baby future with Sierra
wearing Russell's Jersey and hugging him
and there seems to be people feel like
they can now have a discussion about
whether it's appropriate or not
for Sierra to introduce her young son to
her boyfriend and if you know she's
making the wrong move and I've seen a
lot of kind of the conversations on my
Twitter timeline about how people don't
approve of it and it's just like again
this is one of those things that's like
how do we have an opinion on this I get
I get to a really big fancy future and
they really wanna defend him or whatever
you know go ahead trumping it for a
fuck-boy if you wanna but to me I just
don't see any point in negatively
discussing an image of a young boy kind
of appreciating a good role model and I
feel like you know you might not raise
your kids like that fine but you know a
lot higher raise her child and until she
really makes a misstep but really does
something wrong I just don't really
understand why Sierra's catching so much
heat about her relationship with a man
who has four different baby mamas
it's very noticeable that he's not
really in his child's life he's out here
fucking up some commas I guess and why
she's taking heat for moving on into
someone who she deems is better and
having a very pleasant relationship with
him like the news stories about Russell
in Sierra I just feel like or not a new
story so like yo there's much more
complex things going on the ones talked
about nothing but that's it if there's
anything I missed
comment down below in the description
box let me know what you were sipping on
we have shipped out all our smart brown
girl shirts this week mugs will be
shipping out next week so go ahead order
yours so we got them rolling in and next
popular I'll have my mud too so sip sip
sip clang-clang clang-clang deuces
