hey guys this Julie and I know I haven't
put up a video in a while and y'all
probably like where it's pop smart this
is not pop star it's Thursday and it's
time for another smart brown girl
Thursday where we talk about the
cultural issues that impact women of
color before we get into it I would like
to announce that the smart brown girl
shop is back open we also finally have
some shirts for the men folk we have a
stay blessed and I'm by the shirt that
is now available in women and men's
sizes we also have a stay blessed and
I'm bothered coffee mug along with a
smart brown girl coffee mug so super
excited to bring those things to you as
soon as I get my stay blessed and buy
the mug you know I'm gonna be rocking
the ish out of it every pop star video
this week I wanted to talk to you guys
about the nice versus the angry black
woman and what really differentiates us
between being classified as a nice black
woman and why is that something that we
need to strive for and what's up with
this angry black woman stereotype I
don't even think that I often hear
anymore women black women being termed
as angry black women that does not mean
that similar adjectives seven allegories
are gonna replace around how we describe
black women and their action so to start
I want to really read to you what to
mind a set on her speech I really struck
with me she says I think that what our
society teaches young girls and I think
it's something that's quite difficult
for even older women and self-professed
feminists to shrug off is that idea that
likeability is an essential part of view
of the space you occupy in the world
that you're supposed to twist yourself
into shapes to make yourself likable
though you're supposed to hold back
sometimes pull back don't quite say
don't be too pushy because you have to
be likable and I say that's and
she said with the most proper accent so
I was like yes - snaps cheese - you book
did that I agree hundred twenty percent
fat proverbial charge amen hallelu
this discussion touches on so many
things that I feel like we as black
women are going through right now
between the way we've discussed Serena
Williams over the past two decades that
she's been one of the top tennis players
and then this idea that she is
constantly and it's not just white
people that are pushing it on her I
think now it's a little bit easier to
kind of say oh it's white supremacy
white mediocrity she is in a very white
sport but I remember as a child growing
up hearing from other black people were
kind of about what they did not
appreciate about how her father acted
and how cocky her sister and Serena were
her sister Venus and her her Cervino
Venus and her self-worth and even living
in this YouTube space I think a lot of
the criticisms that have been levied
against me are that people think I'm
arrogant people think I act like I'm
smarter than everyone else same as my
interactions with people here in the
south and Houston and it's almost like
but why does my confidence and my
self-esteem end you and quite frankly
I've always taken the approaches why
should I be concerned when I haven't
done or said anything pointedly to you
to warrant such criticisms against me
just being okay with my opinion
believing in myself to the utmost
ability you know Chimamanda did say that
you have to stop worrying about being
offensive if you start thinking about
being likeable you are not going to tell
your story honestly because you are
gonna be so assigned with not offending
and that's going to ruin your story and
when you look at who our successful
black women that have made it I think us
being able to be successful however you
define success for yourself is that it
does take us us believing in ourselves
the utmost first because there are so
many ways that we are put down and
pushed out and told that we are nothing
and belittled whether it is from our
skin complexion to our ethnic features
to the texture of our hair to the
vernacular we use to our body our sexual
ization every ounce of the black woman
has is demeaned in some way to the
course of her life and I
in order for us to be successful we have
to be the ones that believe in ourselves
the most
there's no way to believe in yourself
and not exude that outward it's just
this idea that black women who have an
opinion
somehow we use all these adjectives to
describe us whether it's aggressive
whether it's mean whether it's bitchy
whether we're telling somebody that
they're cocky or they're overly
confident these are all things that feed
into the stereotype of the angry black
woman a New York Times at a write-up of
Serena's last September and they were
talking about how sad even considering
race as a woman she is not perceived as
unlikable because she believes in
herself even though she has the stats
and the skillset to back up her belief
in herself you know what we would
approve of in a man in that we find
Kanye to be genius who believes in
himself first and does all this
rhetorical what shenanigans about how
everyone's against him and he's gonna do
it for himself first and so many of us
are writing for him as a genius but we
see in the woman and all of a sudden it
becomes something that makes her
unlikable at it and I don't mind having
a respectful argument about with you I
don't mind having a debate I don't mind
having this conversation where we might
not see eye to eye but you know I think
the great thing about a debate is that
it forces you to really reaffirmed your
beliefs and a lot of times if you walk
away from a debate still believing
yourself you're walking away with a
stronger sense of faith the nice
likeable person is so beloved here in
this place I don't think there's
anything wrong with people who are okay
with being nice right think what we
perceive as nice is honestly a woman not
having an opinion or not stating her
opinion on things out loud are kind of
passively oh those are people that we
like on YouTube space but I don't really
see longevity in trying to broadcast
yourself as this person who's always so
even killed and won't ever say anything
because ever flex her own opinion like I
don't know I just don't it's not mine
it's not my ministry what black woman
has been successful being nice it's not
as we put our foot down and stand our
ground that we make it you look at who
are the most successful black women
whether
look at Ursula burns who's a CEO like
Xerox or you know a Beyonce or Oprah or
you know the black woman who's the most
wealthiest in Africa she owns a oil
company in Nigeria you can't possibly
could miss me that any of these women
are known for being simply nice they all
have a very serious confidence in
themselves the kate's are really
manifesting this confidence and
believing in yourself and having it
benefit you to have self-worth backed by
content and actual integrity there's
definitely a dearth amongst Millennials
where because we have such a visual
image and where we don't a lot of us who
don't have any content behind the pretty
pictures we don't have anything to say
and I was reading James Baldwin nobody
knows my name and he made a statement in
there that is kind of really resonated
with me it only faced in others what one
can face in oneself and I've talked
about this before and my lack of support
and losing friends video where it's
often the familiar especially amongst
black women it's the familiar that we
are turned off by and that we see
something else in someone else but we
are offended by the way that they use it
we often have the same set of skills or
the same amount of time in our day we
have a lot of the same things accessible
to us you know just within our own being
and we get turned off because somebody
is using it in a more provocative or
different way people don't like Serena
nicely because she's just super skilled
tenth player but because she has a
belief in her best skill we all have a
skill that is our best and a lot of us
don't believe in our best skill a lot of
us have fed into this mantra of self
doubt and you know Serena has entirely
eschew that and is extremely confident
in her strongest skill it doesn't have
to be as exacerbated at her you don't to
be like the number one in the entire
world but you have something in you that
you are really good at and you are not
utilizing the same way that someone else
has a skill set that they are really
good at and they use you know whether
it's even to someone having the voice to
speak up and speak out and so even like
with the Amendola and Kylie Jenner
situation it's tournament as a feud is
entirely incorrect you know Amanda Leigh
was responding to somebody who tagged
her in a comment
one Kylie Jenner Kylie Jenner's picture
at no point was it I'm against you she
made an observation and yeah it was a
slightly snarky comment but nothing
about it was aggressive or angry or you
know it's trying to pick a fight or
anything like that you know she made a
snarky comment Kylie made one bag I'm
sure I mandala is not spending her day
worried about Kylie Jenner moving on
Bible but all of us everyone to get away
from feeding into using these
stereotypes negative connotations and
additives towards black women whenever
they assert themselves and I went by
smart brown girls specifically to
believe in themselves first and don't be
scared of your own confidence don't be
worried about the likability moment that
you understand and you really hone in on
having content and good integrity and
firm ethics and you define that for
yourself and you don't allow anyone else
to demote that within you then you the
people that need to come into your life
will come and knowledge the people but
the opportunities will come into your
life and a lot of things will work
itself out for you those that need to
like you will like you I'm here girl you
here with smart brown girl I want people
who sped away too much time
commenting on anything about jewels e
about how much they don't like me and
I'm so I'm concerned because my smart
brown girl movement is riding strong
girls don't even have to agree with me
all the time but they get what I'm doing
and they appreciate it and for that I
appreciate the ish out of all y'all as
always don't forget to shop smart brown
girl that time pick out one of the mug
so once I finally get mines you can sip
along with me wow I finally get around
to doing pop star and thanks for
watching
