hey guys is Jules E and I'm finally
getting around to doing my June oh wait
no it's the end of june and i am finally
getting around to doing my may favorites
video I know it's late girl but so my
first favorites for the month is adore
me which I featured in a previous video
they are like the JustFab of bras and
panties is random treat fresh Selena
like a year ago or something while ago
tweet it out that yo girl is Nia see
just have a bra for every day of the
week i order from adoring me like
october november of last you set me to
bra sets and then i went back on my own
and sign up for the monthly service and
since then i bought two more and then
i've been wearing the ish out of those
bras that's only for bra so again i love
the packaging that adore me comes in
that box is so cute um i find it to be
pretty affordable and like well put
together my favorite bar that i have i
have this one i have this one on now and
grace is one of the original sets that i
went that i received and i absolutely
love because of this end the underwear
that come with it so I got in it played
much but they're really really
comfortable and cute and they make my
ass look nice so I am they the lace cut
my booty just right girls so I am I got
it and white as well this is a bra you
wear if you're trying to like let your
bra be seen I do have a lot of
see-through top show the crop top season
is in full effect I'm trying to get my
life together and I wanted a bra that I
felt like if it peeked through was like
oh yeah Bravo shoot that was this one
you sign up for VIP you get ten dollars
off the set so the sex or thirty dollars
and ooh this is real sex this is RO
smexy look at that seat so yes this bra
I've already warned I already love it so
I've been trying to embrace the fact
that I had little banana titties they
snoop like this Navy little i have like
visa waiting to embrace the body that
guy gave me and so I was like okay why
don't I try an unlined bra because they
have quite a few on the site and online
basically
there's no padding in it and then it's
also share on part of it which is real
smexy girl and this makes me feel real
good about my little titties through
this but if I had the base you know I
just I appreciate my body he should
appreciate it too and I feel like this
up step Rishi ation factor like this is
real real I love the sheer part of it
and clear and I can get all that
underarm fat and scoop it all up and
make my little little little the jiggle
jiggle in a be all mines I'm feeling
real good about next up so as you guys
know last month I had an ear infection
so i did cancel my flight to my home
girl's wedding because you can't fly
with the ear infection and then my
doctor told me apparently the pores in
my ears are like open or something so
I'm prone to infection he said to give a
rest Tom in-ear headphones and when I do
wear them I need to clean them properly
every couple of weeks which how many of
us are really cleaning are in ear
headphones girl i'm lazy so i went and
picked up some over the ear headphones
Shepherds are really expensive so i was
trying to find some reasonably priced
headphones that wasn't $300 beats by dre
and i ended up with these n tunes um
these are I believe that cannons
collaboration with monster only through
the headphones that I thought and I've
been working out with these I've worn
them on flights and they're not
necessarily noise cancellation with a
great sound quality fit over my ear
assembly love it and your infection free
so this is definitely a baby because
I've been wearing be a shot of these
headphones I'm one of them people this
is why I don't post full body pictures
of myself on Instagram because i am a
repeat outfit offender like three times
a week and if I honestly nobody cute or
nobody I care about I will put it on the
next day and I have been wearing the
jeans so much that they're now itchy
when I put them on you know when you
wear jeans so much and then the fabric
starts to fray on the inside hit a video
on these jeans like when i was living in
DC so how'd it be a year ago these are
the high waisted plain blue jeans and I
love them and I
them all the time they make my Bochy
this looks superb I could also have
another pair on it I don't know if you
can see it look down at me I forget what
these are called but these are the two
that I wear them look for the month
which is what I currently have one is
the jordania lip pencil and cider with
the soft matte lip cream by NYX and
Cairo nice girl super cute not kiss me
boo I'm not Irish I'm a black girl you
love me my ex is having a 50 buy one get
one fifty percent off sale at all tub
and I went and they had Transylvania and
stock maybe because it's a summertime
but this is like a lifetime favorite the
Transylvania lips soft matte lip cream
is in stock at Ulta well at least the
one in river oaks in Houston is and I
got me like five of these suckas they
only find out is so violent get one half
off is like seven dollars for two
awesome love this Transylvania Knicks
yes Superdog super Sam p and your words
in the summertime girl go get your hips
to life on it still cute as always
thanks for watching let me know what is
the favorite product that you use in the
month of May don't come what you be
using in june because i will happen to a
famous video in next in like two weeks
don't shake me girl but let me know last
month what was your favorites and it can
be anything from like your favorite tea
you were drinking your favorite food you
ate last month your new favorite
restaurant girl you know I laugh
