hey guys it's jewel Z and we are back
with another pop snark where I talk
about everything from a little browse
the high brow as long as your eyebrows
are on fleek and we O beg add it this
week again with the same damn drink from
last week and this time I'm going to
pronounce it correctly bar - neuro
Moscato quickly clink clink clang cheers
of hot snark is brought to you by shop
the smart brown girl back calm pick up
what we last left off my last pop start
I forgot to talk about Queen Latifah and
the HBO movie Betsy based on the life of
blues singer Bessie Smith girl HBO has
been killing it as of late with like
really good content targeted at the
african-american community and I'm here
for all of it somebody recommended that
I go and watch southern rights I did I
was so confused after ooh that was a lot
and then the one about the serial killer
in Compton LA I watched that too and
then I watched David oh yay
Lobo I don't fuck that all up whatever
you know to do from Selma him in
Nightingale which was oh girl all in all
in my head I just really really love the
kind of message the depth that they gave
into giving a preview into the life of
Bessie Smith Queen Latifah did an
amazing job I'm gonna group me and some
of the base of gas folk and the group is
so stuck on Queen Latifah titties I mean
it was like oh my god moment oh my god
but I got it you know I think it kind of
pushed back at the presentation of the
standard of beauty I'm you know just
touched on so many different things with
sexuality racism in that era with you
know owning the rights to your music and
pursuing your dreams when everyone tells
you that you're not worth it
relationship with a beautiful parents or
whatever that mama who's always evil
mama is oh what's her name came boney
did an awesome job as my rainy and
summer in my house I
definitely have a Bessie Smith vinyl
because my great-grandmother who was
born in 1904 was a big fan should the
Chattanooga is that Betsey swear there's
the one who the Chattanooga blues or
something yes we give the
congratulations a welcome to Caitlyn
Jenner she has officially moved into her
transition phase and as I said before
and I did an entire video on I have
absolutely no opinion on this topic
other than congratulations girl I hope
it's awesome Laverne Cox y'all have been
sending me the piece I did write a
follow-up blog to reiterate my points in
the video about why I don't discuss
trans topics and I did mention the
Laverne Cox tumblr article where she
kind of addresses the complexities of
the acceptance of the beautiful trans
people versus the acceptance of just
trans people in general and as I said
because my whole point was I feel like
this is the conversation where I should
allow trans people to dictate how
they're talked about she had the
gravitas that I did not have to
communicate the point very effectively
and push the conversation forward in a
productive manner Saint Laverne did that
I linked it in my blog I like the blog
down below I've always kind of wondered
when people come out or how how are we
allowed to discuss their transgressions
with the people in their lives like I
get that there's a lot of weight in
doing these things but there's the
weight of that on them absolve them of
all their previous sins with you know
leaving or abandoning their children or
kind of in a hushed conversation that
the the person formerly known as Bruce
Jenner was a pretty shitty father to his
older children how are you allowed to
talk about that how do we kind of frame
it there's been some news stories going
around it's almost clickbait when they
click the title about whose children are
refusing to support him in his reality
show when really I think the older kids
are just kind of like they're not the
Kardashians and you know everything
isn't for publicity with them and it's I
think there's still kind of a hard part
about their father and not having been
there for them as children but how do
you how do you have that discussion
that's my question somebody commented
that I'd be talking about so much
American shit why I'm Americans I
haven't live in the u.s.
shot it to the free but are we free
really I guess my girl cuz taxes and
Sally made garbage the five-foot scandal
now I may or may not have been
infatuated with a certain fuck boy from
western Africa who happened to be a
Manchester United fan I may or may not
actually own a Manchester United onesie
girl because I mistakenly ordered to
when I ordered him one for his birthday
because I like to give gifts I I'm not a
sports fan in general I'm more of a fan
of whatever the guy that I'm interested
at the time is a fan of so since I'm
single there I'm just here for the
chicken wings in the liquor and I know
that the heya is the goalie for
Manchester United and that's what's
about the most excited thing that I
could find in watching soccer and and so
see laughter we just want me to gonna
rock with miss Frances man name cuz I'm
told he's looking up right now he
finally resigned today which is like oh
my gosh nobody thought he would ever do
that and what was more fascinating to me
is that why are they having the World
Cup in Qatar like a shit there but I'm
all in dust it's like there's an
infographic showing how many people have
lost their lives building Olympic and
World Cup stadiums and Qatar has like 20
100 compared to like maybe the two three
eight twenty everybody na mama done been
to Dubai this year girls everybody I was
not diving for like all of us about 36
hours but I've been Abu Dhabi before but
one of the things that I notice when I
was out there back in 2008 is when
you're in the airport you see like loads
of like Pakistani Indian Bank like pack
you know what is that Southeast Asian
basically in an East Africa a lot of
Somalians Rwandans and Kenyans of them
in the airport we'll all the same color
shirt on and they're all going to be
laborers for some building or some high
when it's popping up in the living
conditions like if you go to the souk
and Dubai you kind of pass through some
of their neighborhoods where they live
at and the living conditions are like a
girl right you carry your human rights
from whatever country you are a citizen
of so with my little blue American
passport I'm the shit but you can't
can't touch this but if you go you
coming from a country that
we has no infrastructure or ruling
government like Somalia I see you out
when Dubai they looking at you like
bitch your country don't care about you
we don't care about you and that's a
severe human rights violation that's
going on out there and still like a girl
I'm Americans we don't watch those
things over here but shouldn't I try
I've tried I've read a few articles for
the sake of my international audience I
like to hey you is he ever gonna play
for the Real Madrid I hurt isn't that
true like every the goalie for like the
Real Madrid is always a Spanish national
where's that for Barcelona girl cdc's
I'm so confused I will be knowing Iggy
azalea's bitch but recently a Kees tour
was canceled the entire tour was
canceled and you know blacks Twitter
went Jara Jara bye bitch and you know
you know I'm no fan of edgy girl at all
but I don't really like how like a
personal leg there's nothing to gain
from me singing her downfall not that
I'm saying that she should be like
famous or like noted at some sort of
musical whatever cuz I think her she
just trashed but yeah I remember before
he even got side and quite frankly he is
a good example of how cultural
appropriation works specifically when it
comes to the cultural appropriation of
black people and even more specifically
black women
um because in order for this shit to
effectively happen we have to co-sign it
first like we co-signed the ish at an
Iggy when she was popping around when
was this child singing she had that
little song no pussy that she was one of
us singing when she had her homegirl
where's Peters factor Blackbird I used
to rock with her other black people
black women therefore co-signed her
should giving her authority to enter
into this space I see it over and over
again where we accept white mediocracy
and we Herald it in as like some hot
shit like that white capper for that
shelve all made internet famous like I
got out here on Van from Villanova with
us but y'all out here googoo gaga over
this mediocre white boy and they want to
be mad when these white people come in
and appropriate our culture and then
become famous off of it well why can't
I'm there black people that are more
talented why can't they get head because
you're not co-signing their shit you're
not supporting them you're not digging
them up like that so just a reminder
just a friendly reminder it's real cute
when you see a little white girl busting
a wine to some Jamaican music but when
we constantly share when we're
constantly oh my gosh look at this shit
well we're amplifying stuff like that we
have to understand our power and what
our cosine does for people like this so
if you don't want to see people
appropriating your culture then stop
co-signing it
speaking of cultural appropriation Marc
Jacobs and the mini bun which is really
like bad - not China bumps I mean again
though I'm not mad like I don't like
it's whack and I'm looking at it like oh
girl
really we cosign that edge we co-sign a
are you going to put your dollars where
your mouth is or do you just want to
talk about it be mad about it that's all
I'm saying
Game of Thrones this week I go I have to
rewatch it because literally I don't
know why I thought was a good idea that
I would end my night by watching Game of
Thrones girl hardhome episode 8 bitch I
was in here like I'm shoot about the bed
when Jon Snow killed that white Walker
I'm still in my feelings like that
between Tyrion and Danny sit and
commiserate you know Renee whack-ass
daddy's the white the ho the 20-minute
fight scene I think one of the things
that Game of Thrones does really really
well extend it fight scenes like I
haven't enjoyed extended fight scenes
like this since the korean movie Oldboy
which is a girl that's grasses that is a
lot of religious imagery and Game of
Thrones though girl a whole book of
revelations was all up in that fight
scene but it was serious and I'm like
I'm debating whether I should go read
watch it because just so many elements
and motifs and these episodes that I
usually do watch them twice with that
imagery before white Walker horsemen you
know I have my first memory of attending
church Kingdom hog shows when his family
whatever girl was we were studying the
Book of Revelations I be I be having I
can't
hanzou ass I had like I was like four
and would go home and like would have to
pray every night with both of my parents
and I had to like kiss them goodnight
and give them a hug I remember one night
my dad thought it was a joke you know to
not say goodnight to me and I was like
crying like I was like why do you think
this is funny the world is coming to an
end the Book of Revelations said we're
all going to go through like the worst
should ever like you took me to the
Holocaust Museum last week proven it all
through worship in the Holocaust Museum
isn't that crazy
like I don't want to be here for it Game
of Thrones brought back all those
memories so then I had to go watch a
whole bunch of happy shit i sat on
BuzzFeed videos for like three hours
girl trying to like rework my brain
before I went to bed it was real crucial
talk about this gen UT drama so jet
beauty is like this if see sponsor
Michelle Phan event that's mostly
targeted at youtubers so there's like
some non drama drama that was popping
off on Instagram the other day I got
tagged and like maybe one or two
pictures because people look ivan has
never come out my mouth that I am the
realest I'm just Josie and I'm very
matter-of-fact and dry as fuck that's
who I am
gonna be real because people like to use
that to throw shade back at me though
you think you live shit cause you think
you too real it's an action ogre I just
think I'm me thank you be blessed a
bubble and this is not shade everyone to
anybody which this is this is a lesson I
had one on YouTube because you know when
you think you have an audience know you
via the internet you assume that because
these other women especially other black
women are in the beauty sector on
YouTube that they will you assume that
there's gonna be some sort of
camaraderie or actually now you know the
YouTube social circle happens the same
way people make friends in real life
a cosign goes a long way so it's really
hard to go to other people me like hey
I'm Josie I have a YouTube channel with
137 thousand subscribers that just
sounds whack and it's like most people
aren't gonna do that you're gonna allow
your own insecurities to kind of
supersede you and you're gonna get yak
mounts on and I had a good time let's
person if you see another youtuber and
they that you watch or you like and they
don't recognize you you'll feel some
type
special because in your mind you're more
than just a Finn you're their peer now
because you both live on this YouTube
space so what I do when I go to events I
just assume that nobody knows who I am a
lot of youtubers on this space have like
legit relationships or friends outside
of YouTube and so you know it took me a
while to kind of readjust my perspective
because when I first started going out
to stuff and you know I might have been
feeling myself and I saw other youtubers
and they'd be kicking it with each other
and then you know they meet you and it's
like oh that's nice you have a YouTube
channel that's real cute and then they
go back today friends it's like well I
don't think a step back like well what
would happen in real life
mind you I'm this sorority and some leg
come on like I supposed to be the
epitome of sisterhood and the same shit
happens at sorority
it's not a people are being stuck-up
people just like to deal with the
familiar and so sometimes need to take a
step back and step out of yourself and
realize that you know you might be
relevant in your world but you're not
gonna be relevant in somebody else's
world that's not Shay saying that you're
less than but you've had half a million
subscribers and somebody still not know
who you are I thought my book spend it
on I sent it out to a few youtubers who
I had interacted with the only person
that did a review on it was Ray Rose and
I appreciate the shit out of her but you
know I kind of I was like I think that
was my learning lesson it was like I'm
not even gonna be mad about this like
they don't owe me shit like I didn't
explicitly asked on the review it I just
thought that there was I made the
assumption that there was gonna be some
sort of like black woman camaraderie
amongst youtubers and like they would
because you know I'm a black girl
published a book and like you know I've
seen them big up other black girls who
published books I thought I'd be one of
the same but that's an unfair exception
you know so when I launched this line of
smart brown girl shirts I deception said
no honey for free and people have
supported because of something when
people are allowed to organically buy
into something when people support it
because they like what it's about and
it's on their own fruition you'll get
way more productive support it'll be way
more awesome than making the assumption
that it is owed to you Cheryl Lynn and I
need a baker girl that shit was tragic
on Twitter what's really funny
ish Cheryl is a singer known for the got
to be
got to be real you know I saw that you
play it every black family gathering
that and earth when the fire is
September it's a whole list of songs I
ever family gather them songs get played
anything everybody up your parents they
start dancing with their hands there is
a YouTube channel that is fucking
hilarious by Patti lehel and she does
like voiceover parodies got to be the
got to be real song as the intro and
basically it's like parody voiceovers of
like all the like black divas shading
each other the real life for Cheryl Lynn
the got to be real singer her self to
start some non drama drama when Anita
Baker because she's supposedly blocked
by Anita Baker on Twitter girl huh lair
re always I hope you comment along I
hope you had your dragon let me know in
the comments down below what was you
sippin on this episode is there
something I forgot is there something
I'd like to talk about and if you love
it and you're not already subscribe
subscribe and more importantly share
let's get the word out about posture if
we get enough words about maybe I'll get
my life together and do a podcast you
know maybe shot smart bad girl
