hey guys it's jewel Z and guess what we
are back are you tired of them yet it's
another get ready with me and this one
is brought to you by Eunice unite girl
that trendy hair on the tube so let's
get into it this is the same hair you
saw from me before it is the Brazilian
deep way 26 24 22 a little bit of 20
because ain't no way 254 bundles on is
that going dumb cab even with my big
hair girl you never need four bundles
let me just tell you that and a 20 inch
frontal now the last time I worried I
didn't say I was looking a little bit of
plebeian a little bit pedestrian not
sick enough for young over here and
so I went back in and add it more hair
to the way oh this is how I store my
wigs and dry them there's actually a
little round piece that goes on top it
don't that don't really work for me but
this part I love and this is how I store
them in my closet and also use them when
I wash them and want to hang them dry in
the shower I will have a link down below
well links will be down below for
everything I discuss in this video still
still still a very big fan of the hair I
just watched it today let's turn the
mirror around so we can see our
beautiful selves here make sure we are
not looking stupid let's see we got to
work on this lace we'll work on that a
little bit later as we do our makeup but
here we are it is wet and as I said you
know you can wear it like this even you
like skin privileged cheese is my light
skin privilege wig you know folks be
coming up to me compliment me when I
highs we're going oh yeah hair is so
cute mm-hmm I'm sure it is bangs and I
want to brush it out I'm going to wear
this hair while I'm in Martinique I'm
actually my flight because I'm flying
out of Atlanta it's 5:30 I have a 8:40
fly and I'm sitting here about a record
to get ready with me and uh record
another video before I leave out kaguro
we all committed to the paint balls I'm
ready we're gonna brush it out yes I
have one of the Felicia Leatherwood
detangler brushes I bought it with my
own coins and I love it I'm just gonna
brush it out cuz I want to be giving you
boho chakras aligned afro-latino T's
that's what we're on right now
curly hair as I said before it does
I don't have a curly hair that doesn't
and I cut the wave on this like the
shedding has definitely decreased
because I think I've gotten most of the
loose hairs that were from me cutting
the wave and how messily I cut the way
to now it's just it's just yeah it's
just cute I do have a little bit of hair
on my leg it's non-consequential all
right you know how we always do we lay
the scarf down to get it to lay flat I
do understand why you nice you nice
however you say it is so popular with
the youtubers because this really really
really is some nice loft or they was
shampoo with a human conditioning a nice
puppy hair so today I'm gonna put some
foundation or like what is this
sunscreen broad spectrum healthy tin
hydrating skin ten healthy glow skin
feels good from Lancome I was sent this
from an influencer dirt by y'all can all
get you a little influenced or box wink
I've been doing body goodness regular
people right yeah every once in
again I finally required them dag on
email because I don't be doing no
reviews for nothing I've been collecting
the box with the full-size products in
it for my dad wants out so we're gonna
put a little primer on our face we're
gonna use a spent tea primer because I
don't use it enough and I don't travel
with it because the glass containers are
heavy um one of the things I did keep
from who and I bought all that makeup
cuz I forgot all my makeup and no I'm
not packing on my makeup Lomita
Martinique this time I've gotten smarter
and wiser but I got this Beauty Blender
what do you call these now a beauty
sponge this is from Real Techniques and
a girl and also it was a black girl she
was like this is better than a Beauty
Blender and for the most part I do like
it I hope this is the right color see
how cast gets sharp it makes me look I
don't know if it's smart when I'm gonna
rush to be trying new products oh you're
not a smart one are you okay so what are
we gonna talk about today well as usual
oh I like to address some of the
comments that I got in my last get ready
with me video which was a little bit
more on the dramatic oh this is is I
don't know what this is doing is this
ghostly ghastly or is it my color I just
don't like the fact that I'm beige who
knows but yeah so my last video with a
little bit more aired on the side of
like tea spilling I guess I don't feel
like I spill any tea I kind of just felt
like I
dressed a Messier topic for the most
part currently the comments are okay
I was once thinking when I was editing
the video that parts of it sound like I
don't accept being criticized by other
people and I will say there is a fine
line between criticism and hate and so I
don't actually mind when people are
criticizing me because maybe it's not
even that they want me to do better but
they just want black women as a whole to
do better and be better and it's coming
from a place of that sort of compassion
that's sort of cuz I've said things that
aren't wrong before and people have
definitely corrected me and I definitely
have appreciated the correction I don't
ever want it to feel like I can you know
be told when you don't agree with me or
when something I said you find offensive
but hey when people just rying to drag
you or be negative or call you out so
name that that I feel like criticism can
be articulated without becoming without
becoming an ad hominem it's a how you
said word without becoming a personal
attack yeah this definitely is not my
color wow I just put this whole thing on
my face look at that I'm a mess we have
wet wipes so we're gonna we're gonna it
was looking like my color up until I got
to my forehead I think without a tan it
actually would be like my winter color
maybe we'll look let's let's do a white
take a white yeah you see that a real
nice but I tried your eye so what do you
try you know the Nia Wilson thing that
happened the young lady who was what was
she stabbed something was murdered on
the BART train in Oakland with her
sister I'm kind of at a point where I
feel bad because I have a platform and
I've kind of checked out from a lot of
political socio-political things that
are happening because it is just so bad
and so draining that I just don't want
to absorb it or consume it when things
like this are happening it's just really
hard for me to figure out how I'm
supposed to like what is my
responsibility here what am I supposed
to do what am I supposed to say hash
tagging it throwing up a prayer emoji or
a candle emoji even donating to GoFundMe
is just don't feel like enough because I
don't see in the end and I have become a
bit nihilistic is that how you say the
word I will say nihilistic
hmm oh no girl I don't really have a
whole lot of faith in a marriage I don't
have no faith in America if that Oh her
I don't you know statistically it has
been proven that as black women the sort
of trauma that we absorb shorten our
lifespan so constantly taking in news
like this I feel like one
yes I'm slowly killing myself and two
I'm participating in the slow death of
the community of black women not that
I'm responsible for it but like I don't
know man it's just rough and I do not
feel safe in this country I think even
though we can laugh at all the cops
being called over coupons and mowing
lawns selling lemonade and selling
bottled water and playing outside and we
can come up with tongue-in-cheek names
for these white folks that just they're
invoking their white privilege to police
black bodies but I think that you know
the truth about America is that
foundationally it was always built in
the intent was always to profit in some
way off of black bodies and I don't feel
like this country ever got over or has
ever gotten over the fact that slavery
is no longer a thing we are in the midst
of a boiling point so there's that okay
now let's move on to a bit of a lighter
key well we can't spend too much time in
the browser girl you ain't got enough
time to be precise today we just doing
this makeup cuz about the recorded video
cuz I do kind of feel bad I'm not trying
to just be a get ready with me channel
one this is kind of lazy on my part too
there is smart Brown Carl topics to
discuss and I have one it's ready for
you I'm actually recording the video
because it was not up to par it was not
up to the standard let my smart brown
girls deserve with the medium beige
again you know how we do la pro girl in
this this is medium bisque I seem to
take the second throw it away I wanted
to talk about questions that I ain't
never ever want the answer that people
like to ask me the question I get asked
the most that I just don't I ain't gonna
answer and I have a very good reason for
you break it down for you for you I'm
not gonna be rude like that does me tell
you cry answer your question is when
people ask me what to do in Dallas girl
I don't know I don't have anything for
you the second question is should you
move to any city that I have lived in or
I'm currently living in I understand why
people ask this but I think it's a very
misguided question especially to ask me
someone who does not know you or have
any experience with you in
real life I don't know your family I
don't even know your energy your
personality I don't know your career
aspirations please don't send me a
three-page ssa and the email form I try
to explain all the stuff to me girl cuz
I'm still I thought when I happened to
read it okay love you oh I appreciate it
but I haven't read nor them were to if
I've never interacted with you in real
life there really is no way for me to
gain that contact through text I'm not a
real estate agent the only place I've
ever been a real estate agent is
Brooklyn that's the only place when I
encounter people in real life where I
will give them tip on where to look and
where to live based off of you know my
their energy their aura and the other
things that we can discuss moving is so
personal where you live at how you live
it's so intrinsic and personal to who
you are as a person that asking people
and you know I'm done I've made this
mistake before which is why I end up in
places I really don't care for because
these people don't know me well I have a
different standard of living than they
do and you really just kind of have to
if you're just moving because you want
to move either go into it knowing that
you're taking a risk and be ready for
what comes your way or you need to spend
a good amount of time visiting the sea
that you're moving to now if you're
moving for work or for family or love or
whatever you know personal circumstances
will definitely color everyone's
experience those tend to be ideally
those tend to be easier move because you
have things occupying and being the
cause for your move but particularly as
black women I think we just carried so
much guilt about living life how we want
to live people have tried to come into
my comment section claimed that my
depression or what they deem as my lack
of happiness is because I'm trying to
run away from myself and I'm like first
of all you're not therapists who you
don't really know me I just like to move
and I'm not going to apologize for that
I like experiencing new city I like
trying things new things out I have the
means to do it
it ain't hurting nobody it ain't doing
nothing to nobody and I'm the
that has to facilitate it and take on
them oh that is just what it is and
everyone does something that they kind
of that brings them joy
some people go shopping some people wear
makeup on one of them two people though
you know we all have coping mechanisms
and so who are other people who do not
know you intimately to attempt to define
these mechanisms bitter bitches that's
what they are but back to asking me if
you should move or not or ask me for
tips on moving I could probably do a
video on general tips once I complete
this move about how to facilitate a move
but I cannot tell you whether or not you
should take on moving long distance or
moving to a city where you don't know
nobody because I will tell you first of
all and foremost it is difficult it is
not easy I just it's something in my
spirit that I like doing and I don't
particularly mind the challenge and I
also am privy and have access to a
network where I don't feel like I've
ever really moved anywhere and been
entirely alone we're gonna do the Becca
palette again I'm using Oh what color is
this Beach nectar I love the beach
nectar color and because moving is so
difficult especially moving place we
don't know nobody I'm not going to be
part of you make a decision that you
regret that's not that's not my ministry
we're not alien like that is certified
for to make a decision like that so I
would say if you were considering moving
you need to have a comments with
yourself
people who know you really well and you
need to explore the areas that you are
trying to get to and do not feel guilty
about whatever decision you come to some
of us are just not meant to be rounded
to any particular City and if you have
the ability to make a move and it's
within your means by all means do it I
also don't have no key you know my
family lives everywhere anyway that's
that I'm gonna put something in my
crease but I need to crease the brush
that I do that the next question I'm not
answering is how do I make my money and
now maybe this is my own insecurity but
I just don't feel like that question
when poets to me when posed to me I
don't even know what I'm saying here I
just don't feel like that question is
ever asked from a good space or with
good integrity I almost always feel like
when people are asking that they're just
being nosy and they have something
negative to say about how I talk about
and the little
Peke I give to my audience into how I
spend some of my money to be fair if you
where's my eyeliner I want to put
eyeliner on but I want to do pencil
eyeliner somebody in the mail sent me
some eyelashes and mascara who I forget
her name if I remember it I'll put on
the screen but thank you so much I
really appreciate it and she sent me
it's a voluminous
lash what Brandon says I think it's
Revlon but yeah part of why I feel like
that question doesn't come from a
positive space it's because like if you
paid attention in a way where you
weren't looking to drag me or be hateful
you would know how I make my money it's
not a secret it's not hitting you would
be able to put the pieces together but I
often feel like the people that posed
that question to me are looking for a
way to cash judgment against me
versus looking at the good that I do and
the access and opportunities that I have
therefore been giving also I realized
that when I talk about money and the
decisions I make a lot of y'all like
being poor a lot of y'all don't have no
clue about how capitalism in America
functions either and I'm like Lord
goodness sheesh you know like on my
depression video when I'm talking about
the fact that I have it ooh did I just
spray that the whole other way I should
do this before I did my mascara but
whatever cuz I'm a scary it's clumpy
look at that natural skin giving you
glow
give me refinement but yeah when I did
that video about my depression somebody
in the comments was like well you can
buy makeup but you can't pay for the
therapist out-of-pocket I'm just like
you know understand how these things
like the difference between is buying
makeup here there or even going on trips
and paying for a white versus no I don't
I don't have house insurance right
partially because it was just more
cost-effective for me to pay out of
pocket should go to the doctor so like
going to the gynecologist is 500 out
basically after time after I get all the
testing that I want done oh here's my
black eyeliner I do pay twice a year to
go to the gyno therapy is just different
because therapy is more or less on a
weekly basis so I'm not just going to
the doctor when I'm sick or every couple
of months which would've been covered by
my health care anyway because Oh health
care system in Texas it's just a really
purpose not very this is the intense
butter gloss from Nick's peanut brittle
but I feel like I just wanted a whiner
for this
hodgepodge they discontinued at Mack but
see now I'm getting into explaining
myself too much and this is exactly why
I don't answer certain questions because
I'm of the mind that I'm 33 I'll have to
explain myself
alright I'm a very resourceful person
who does think through and look through
all my options and I'm not slack about
taking care of myself
at all alright I'm gonna put some lashes
on it what about even saying oh yeah it
sure it's doesn't cover nothing so why
am i paying if I got it out of the month
and I'm not saving any money cheaper we
disap out of pocket for stuff where am i
moving to you'll find out when I
actually finished the move when it
happens when it's complete I will
probably do like a tour of my apartment
here in Dallas since I'm moving out
before I pack everything up because I'm
leaving and I am like Mariah Carey
remember Mariah Carey's MTV Cribs we
were our birthdays are like a day apart
I do believe my home in my abode is
sacred and personal and I just didn't
want a whole lot of you know you have to
remember as I said the last video we
deal with a lot of insincerity of I
don't even want to say it's hate right
because some of it people love you too
they don't love you you're doing good -
you ain't doing good no more interesting
ly enough my credits for change project
I'm doing a video on bail reform and
looking at how we tend to view the poor
black communities and tell people oh
just don't commit a crime and how that's
a stupid statement because like
literally in America you're not
committing a crime until you commit a
crime traffic tickets are a crime and be
locked up and set bail for traffic
tickets and that's a whole nother fee
and finding system right you do a
rolling stop through a stop sign that's
a crime there's laws against that
there's punishment like I would talk to
the mayor of Miami Gardens it's all be
fiction in the video but one of the
lines I just remember it's mayor Gilbert
saying I mean you good to you not good
like you literally think you might be
obeying the law until you don't even
realize what laws and ordinances are
written in your municipality and your
County and your state I think we might
have a good understanding what federal
law might be but we are governed by so
many different things a lot of it comes
down to interpretation of the law so
someone wants to criminalize you
oftentimes there's a black person they
sure can okay you know a little less
deep a little bit more shallow on the
YouTube side people like you you're
doing good
doing all right to you not till you make
that one misstep and so I say all that
to say I keep certain things private not
simply because of negativity but also
just because I think everyone who thinks
they love me girl okay I love you too
okay I put on what last movie these are
double Demi from our Tao these are like
four five out of the ashes girl they do
day job oh it's lighten up right now we
don't call me all day soon as I sit down
and get a video diet ain't record more
videos people remember me more yeah I
think that's it I don't really have a
lot of things that I'm like oh about
I've done this before you know I be here
before I worked in the music industry so
I first experienced people being public
personas and how sharing certain
information can be of negative impact to
them I landed in New York City so
loose-lipped all the way back so part of
life when we came in to Delta we were
definitely forewarned and told again
about sharing certain information on
publicly and how like doing certain
things and like just being in New York
and where cameras can always be you
never know what second effects you want
to be in and how precarious that can be
then I worked in advertising
I worked everywhere I work with a
government girl I just know a lot about
like people not thinking about what they
say and how they can have a negative
negative impact on their livelihood or
just their privacy and threatening them
I'm in a facebook like built branding
group or whatever and somebody had
posted like they wanted to make an
advertisement with their house and I was
like no I know it's the back of your
house it's the back yard but don't put
that on the public like the thing is you
good to you not good somebody gonna take
that find you and try you don't matter
what cyrillus you have what sort of
security brothers you have you don't
even want to deal with the headache of
somebody trying to I promise you so just
be smart about it but folks like I
listen to me I'm just Josie you know
just I'm just me right alright this is
the finished look for today this is what
we did
Oh with like check the shirt
african-american is a culture it is all
in shop that's where Brown got calm I'm
ready for it I'm here for it I love it
this is the extra-large this is way too
big for me my size and this is actually
a medium they are unisex charts even
though the pictures I have black
culture for the African Diaspora an
african-american is a culture for my
people they're both up on the site and
this is the black on black I haven't
posted a picture the black on black
because the mock-up like it's just a
black shirt you won't show you anything
so I need to take pictures of myself
here we are
hence this I can post it so people can
see what the black on black text looks
like but this is he and I love it
absolutely all right okay how about you
enjoyed this key I hope you commented
along that it was a dialogue it was a
fun time you'll see me real soon okay
links down below for the hair is fire
and the face you know it's mostly just
me being cute wait T down below too
