hey guys is Julie and it's time for
another pop star we talk about
everything from the lowbrow for the
highbrow as long as you have eyebrows on
fleek I forgot to say that yesterday and
you trip feel extra special because this
is two pipes narcs in one week we're
making up for lost time in the month of
April
take me girl butt back hop it up smart
brown girl sure don't you know the
crewneck sweat shirts actually come in
all sizes from Toddlers on up through
plus sizes for adults so even if you
have one that shows a peak in yo
shoulder go ahead and grab a crewneck
one - they're so comfy I did it because
you guys kept asking for crewneck ones
and we have them to support because the
IRS is still coming after me the Peter
Falk vineyards in Cape Town South Africa
is actually in Stellenbosch it's one of
the wineries that is open on Sunday and
did my wine tour on Sunday and it is the
Ruby blend I feel like I paid a hundred
and ten grand for this which is like
eight dollars so hey mmm
cling cling cling cling plague Cheers
oh I love this one so much Oh last box
large I kind of wrapped up my opinions
on what is going on in Baltimore what's
been going on with the black lives
matter the necessity of that campaigning
happening because people out here is
just on some bullshit and so just wrap
it up one more time I really really wish
I really really wish folks would stop
sharing the video of the mother pulling
her son out of the riots and Mozgov on
him across the head like that is a good
showing of parentage I mean I feel like
it's just some shit the white folk is
using and all you respectability
politics is using it to be like oh look
at her my mom will do the same thing too
so y'all can low-key slide in your
respectability politics I'm not here for
this window okay y'all could share that
video of Joseph Kent I believe the young
man's name is who was yanked up by the
police on campus meeting I was going
about somewhere there was a case in
Atlanta I don't remember the exact
number of teachers but it was a large
swath of teachers of principle and a
superintendent some executives in the
school district who were caught up in a
cheating scam
and to school district now all the
teachers who did not agree to take a
plea deal were found guilty in the case
and they're up for sentencing and can
face up to like seven to 15 years for
the charges they were found guilty on
which is absolutely positively absurd if
you actually look at the facts of the
case there was a really good write-up
early last year on the entire case I
don't know who's in the New York Times
or The Washington Post that kind of
explained the complexities of the case
and that these teachers were helping
their students to cheat because of the
No Child Left Behind policy that was
George Bush number two was president
it's just so effed up the American
education system the American public
education system and basically you know
a lot of the problems rests on the fact
that we judge how well a child has been
taught based off of this annual test
used to test the entire very diverse
United States of America we are not a
modernist country ethnically class-wise
cultural wise if you've ever studied
pedagogy you know part of that is
basically the study of the history of
teaching or the philosophy of teaching
part of that has been you know you go
over the different philosophers who
influenced the American teaching system
they would I forget which philosopher
was an American philosopher who really
advocated for teaching a child based on
their cultural environment if we're
going to talk about the power of
perspective and how we have to talk to
white people about race so that they can
understand it and that we have to break
it down to two baseball analogies or do
something along the lines of chess
Akalis awesome video with the
caterpillar now we have to break those
down in those terms in order for our
adults to understand something like the
matter of race when it's been talked
about for so long why did we not think
that educating a child would be any
different thanks teachers found this as
kind of cragmire where they're being
judged based on distance performance and
their schools were threatening being
clocked a certain percentage of students
did not perform well enough on the test
so in order for these schools to remain
open because this puts the communities
at a great disadvantage we have to
travel further to get there talking to
school the teachers did what they had to
do
unfortunately that involved cheating and
so I don't believe that cheating is
right no but I also don't feel like the
punishment fits the crime and offer them
to have federal charges levied against
them it's just insane
this has been the season with the most
black folks I feel like I don't even
know if that's actually a factual
statement but Kimberly Nicole home girl
is slate in like I get my life every
week when she performs she is just
awesome sauce amazing smart brown girl
who is really really doing so well I
feel kind of bad for her though because
nobody I don't know that anyone's really
become successful off of winning the
boys so I low-key hope that she don't
actually win so she can still go get her
a musical contract and succeed because I
have yet to see any The Voice winners
flourish and then contract supposedly
signed your life away anyway so girl I
want to get an album I want to see Kelly
Nicole succeed in the long run
regardless of whether that means a win
or not on the voice I need her to like
flourish full-time as a mainstream
artist because she who and I like India
Carney two kind if I'm really more here
for the we've done maybe them mm then 18
ounces of whatever they be wouldn't
there have you like oh girl oh that is
so cute
nothing I had a big thing that everyone
wouldn't be talking about is Bruce
Jenner and his recent interview with
Diane Sawyer which where he officially
came out as a transgender woman now this
is one of tricky it key topics for me
because I have blatantly not talked
about trans issues on my channel for a
plethora of reasons namely because I
don't want to have to patrol the
comments to um I don't feel like the
trans conversation is really at the
point where we can effectively have a
productive conversation about the trans
about how to accept trans people and
what really is the meat and the crust of
the difficulty than the complexities of
someone with gender dysphoria I don't
really feel like we as the people really
accept trans folk I don't feel like it's
genuine I feel like we accept pretty
trans women I feel like that's where at
with it
you know you don't see a whole lot of
men to female trans topics coming up
because I guess it's II
for a wimp for a person who's born a
female body to transition and blend into
society and not be questioned nearly as
much but I don't I just feel like that's
kind of like overlooking a whole lot of
things I don't know if that's really
true all the way because there has been
a recent if you look at the news a lot
of the transfers that are committing
suicide black female to male transgender
men there have been a lot of black
transgender men they'll committed
suicide recently and so I feel like we
just had a point where we except in the
glossy um esque
I'm not really here for a - Scott she
just mm man it's just a whole lot of
issues that I feel like we can't really
talk about yet like we're not we're not
that developed of a society yet where we
can have an actual conversation without
throwing hate mongers or tell me what
that they're gonna burn a hell most of
the other shit that is not relevant to
the actual conversation so I have this
chosen not to talk about it I mean I
think it's cute that she'll like Janet
mock she's cute and curly I think it's
cute that you like Laverne Cox but the
CC check should be riding around with
I'm gonna see you with the except her
once we get to level of conversation
where someone who have been able to
afford the surgeries to get all cute and
look like the woman that they want to
look like then I feel like we'd be ready
to have the conversation I also like the
trans community in itself and the
growing pains era of coming together and
from what I've seen and read I don't
know that there's a unified opinion on
anything in the trans community at all
and I don't even think is a majority
opinion on anything in the trans
community and so as a cisgendered woman
because I know I'm not going to take
Carly to anybody tell me that I have to
gender privilege as a black woman I'm
not ready for that conversation at the
fuck off I thought it was very
tastefully done by Diane swear I am a
little like it wasn't his last interview
as a man I guess that part was kind of
lost on me um I me I mean I feel like it
was genuine I don't feel like he is
riding the same wave with this I feel
like he really didn't have any option
because of the family that he comes from
he's going to be hounded by the
paparazzi point-blank period
and so this was the most he could do to
keep it in his own control I mean that's
all I really got on him yeah I don't I
didn't
it's the kardashian-jenner clan you know
I have way more to say about Kiley than
I do about Bruce so Harley Jenner yeah
look I'm on YouTube I spent a lot of
time on YouTube I see all these how to
get Kylie Jenner lips videos with three
million four million five minute videos
now if I did I how to get Kylie Jenner
lips video get you some black parents
girl um
wait nobody fucking with it so I'm just
not here for though about having full
lips I would not get nearly as large of
an audience as someone who's talking
about how to get Kylie Jenner lips
because I'm a black woman and full lips
on a black woman is not perceived as
anything unique special or even cute or
pretty amongst the mainstream status quo
okay when it's packaged on someone who
didn't originally have it so now that a
white girl is walking around with it all
the sizes cute and cool and you all are
doing all this dumb shit to get make-out
lips bigger like put the plumping creams
on those have been around way before
Kylie Jenner ever came onto the scene
but sucking your lips and bottle caps
and just buy a dumb shit it's just like
girl this shit barely looks good on Kali
Jenna first of all she has the money
therefore a good ass plastic surgeon
second of all she has the bread to get a
good makeup artist who can do her makeup
on a daily basis third of all you ain't
got them coins on them dollars boom so
just let it go
just enjoy kissing what your gums you
can't all flourish like the rest of us
stop trying to hop on my bandwagon
that's all I'm saying y'all lipstick
companies could send me to check I have
more than an Allah Blin I can do plenty
of lipstick colors clearly I like to
wear colors I play with my lipsticks cuz
I have to backtrack let's talk about
Kendrick Lamar and his racially
ambiguous fiance now a lot of you that
are mad at Kendrick Lamar would not be
fucking with him if it wasn't for the
fame all right let's be clear here - -
at no point in time has Kendrick Lamar
claimed to be solely about dark-skinned
women
you know if we're gonna talk about
intersectionality if we're gonna talk
about the ability to have duality and
dual perspectives on things if we're
going to talk about the ability to still
watch Love & hip-hop while being about
black lives matter why can we not impart
this same capability to Kendrick Lamar
he does have a softness album called
complexion don't mean a thing which
features the I believe she's from South
Carolina North Carolina Carolina rapper
Rhapsody and he's saying all of
complexions are cute don't be ashamed if
you dark-skinned don't be ashamed of you
is melanin deficient we is all black and
beautiful okay how do i what why
Kendrick Lamar said I only fucks with
dark-skinned women ain't mad about
Kendrick Lamar most recent album which I
am rocking the ish item it is awesome
you should go buy it shout out to the
influence of Flying Lotus and Thundercat
girl if you don't know who they is look
them up - I love with a jazz influence
but had no point did like I don't even
think his album you make came across as
if he was like Pro Africa it's very
clear that when I did my South Africa
meet-and-greet in Joburg one of the
questions was asked about why the
African Diaspora cultural exchange is so
one-sided with African Americans
influencing the rest of everybody else
the beautimous that once I leave the
country all of a sudden what knowledge
that we have a culture we do si was
South Africa Wi-Fi to say fast enough to
Cuba but the back there very influential
and the rest of the African Diaspora
contacts a Kendrick Lamar made a good
example of a he mention Zulu hosts ID
but Nelson Mandela he mentions so much
shit about stop every - album it is
clear that my man hit up Joe Bergin Cape
Town and found all his ways and I think
he's just someone who loves his mother
and appreciates the fact that he's black
and is not trying to hide his dark skin
eNOS and you know even though he has a
white skin why is he very well can still
have dark-skinned children so like I
mean I don't know I know I don't get
blood like what do you what do you not
look like what's there no not like about
it Kendrick Lamar never hid his fiancee
he's a very private person in general
his parents are on the album and I have
yet
to see pictures of the moment internet
like how often is Kendrick Lamar and the
news about his personal life did you
even know that Kendrick Lamar bought
like a ranch-style house in Compton
instead of buying a mansion like my
nigga don't floss or flaunt or do none
of that like it's just not out there for
the public context so no he wasn't
trying to hide his wife while talking
about how black is beautiful because
guess what Whitney is still black and
therefore she is still beautiful in his
eyes and she's been riding with him
since high school unlike every other
artist who gets on and then finds him a
light-skinned exotic oh okay
I we could definitely be mad at creflo
dollar's swindle and ash now I know I
know there are people out there who
believe that creflo is right and asking
for over 60 million dollars in donations
so that he could buy a helicopter or a
private plane or whatever the f it is
for him and his staff to fly around the
world and you know minister to the
people now my first question before we
even get into dragon creflo whose last
name is dollar which i don't even know
how you follow this I don't know if you
are a follower of Creflo and you believe
in the righteousness of this man how
accessible is he to you in your time of
need if he is a man who can minister to
this very large church and it's very
accessible to the congregation and it's
putting in the work then maybe if you're
gonna go follow a man like creflo who
clearly teaches prosperity preaching in
that you can reap success and wealth in
life by sowing seeds financially into
him and his organization how much does
he allow for prosperity back in his
foundation I mean even having this very
small platform iSmart brown girl I
definitely get a kind of emails asking
for me to promote someone's scholarship
fundraising fun for study abroad and
other things and so I know crumbles
congregation has to be hitting him up
about the rough times the hard times and
the greater things in life that they are
trying to accomplish as good Christians
so how often does cross load Allah and
his organization's fundraise or do some
sort of scholarship fund for members of
his very very large church I keep
hearing this
oh you can't slander my pastor or you
can't slander somebody who's a man of
God I mean then therefore all I gots to
do is claim that I'm a woman of God and
therefore you can't never critique or
criticize or call me out for my BS then
because I'm doing everything and the
name of baby Jesus and the good Lord
cheers to that
on my blog I am now doing a weekly recap
of all the TV programs that I watch
including my current faiths American
crime which is super complex super
awesome Felicity Huffman Hawkman girl
she's waiting this Shh
out of this white woman Thursday when
she had the Epiphany that she is a
racist in such a subtle moment it was
that was such a great TV I can't say it
about Carter and I feel for her sister
Aliyah play by Regina King I'm really
I'm not really filling her at the moment
either because I don't know how she is
so emotionally involved in someone who
clearly doesn't even respect her in the
least regard well he's a pretty is her
brother or not he's just a lost cause if
she's really Ryan out for him but a part
of that is what keeps me watching
because I realized that I don't always
have to see myself in the characters or
they don't always have to do what I
would do in real life so I really want
to see how the storyline kind of pans
out and what is to come for her speaking
up I did catch up on being Mary Jane I
have so many questions about that show
that I might just have to do a whole
video on that separately cuz girl and
I'm Eric I'm and Game of Thrones I am
here for Tyrion meeting the Khaleesi
girl next something is going to be so
epic to wrap things up let's not forget
about the world tragedy the tragedies
are happening around the world between
Garissa Kenya the earthquakes in Nepal I
super happy to hear that some girls were
rescued from northern Nigeria with the
whole bring back our girls campaign I
don't know if it was the same girls with
some girl who's caught some some 200
girls was supposedly rescue so that's
always great news but we should
definitely you know keep prayers up for
the rest of the world that is going
through their own calamities and
tragedies and
we can unify and speak out better than
Title Ken Jay Z's new endeavor where
he's come trying to compete with Spotify
and Pandora and somehow a man who simply
you know I'm not gonna say jay-z didn't
make no stings with regards to black
lives matter but with what all that is
going on in the United States of America
with your own people sir when all you
did for black lives matter was throw
some t-shirts with the turtle comic sans
fonts out to the Brooklyn Nets or the
basketball players who were playing at
the Barclays Barclays Center but in turn
you can get all the artists together to
campaign for your new music streaming
software that charges $10 more than the
shit that's already available hopefully
this is under 20 minutes and we'll get
back to the normal 12-minute pop starts
so I can keep your attention cuz girl
though leave me be and if you haven't
already grabbed my book
send it on it's an awesomesauce amaze
ball reads and reading why are you
rocking your crew neck cuz I look cute
so why not
deuces thumbs up on your way out it
helps me so much bye
