hey guys it's Julie and I'm going to do
a haul of all of the things that I
bought in South Africa I didn't really
buy it that much cuz I'm not a baller
first thing is um in Joburg there's a
bunch of artists something if you Joe
break is like one big tourist trap
really so you'll find a bunch of artists
on the street when you go to any of the
more popular neighborhoods so um you go
to Soweto
they're everywhere around like the
Mandela house and the Hector Pieterson
museum so I got this one it's the weto
and you'll pretty much find like the
same paintings there are actual
paintings but I think I don't know maybe
they're easy to do because literally I
saw these same paintings when I went to
Cape Town at the Green Market but you
know you could get this sort of painting
all around I don't really remember how
much I pay for this I think maybe like
two hundred Rand which is less than $20
this one I paid a little bit more for
because this was an original piece that
I got Melville which is where I stayed
while I was in South Africa zum-zum
named Sam painted for me um I will have
him in a blog because I think a video of
him but it was on it was already on a
canvas it was already on a board ready
to be hung but because I had to roll it
up and fly it back to say to me I hadn't
take it off the board but it's pretty
dope isn't it cool I have no clue I'm
doing this in my house but I like it
done also in Melville I got an outfit
made for my Johannesburg meet-and-greet
and they made it in a day it costs me
altogether I pay like 800 ran for
everything I got um they made it really
quick so I'm not upset with the price it
was a little bit pricey for South Africa
but I have it can't with included the
fabric and her putting anything together
so I had her made me some high-waisted
trousers also had a crop top that went
with this I'm I posted a picture on
Instagram the crop top is already at a
tailor cuz if I busted on it but that's
that then I also had her make me a pair
of shorts that I will be rocking
I was already warm enough for me wear
shorts so I want to have a reason to
I'll be rocking these really soon yeah
you can also get a ton of these trinkets
everywhere so I got this
from Sansa zoom in Melville and also a
little one that I might give to a friend
maybe trunks a blue it's always easy
gift girl but I'm keeping the big one
for myself so then when I got to Cape
Town
I pretty much I bought another painting
which I gave to a friend already I also
bought a bottle of wine which I already
drank it was delicious and then I got me
dashiki and I absolutely positively love
this - Nikki so in Cape Town they have a
green market which is like a strip of
streets somewhere in downtown cape town
with all the vendors like everything is
set up because they're just used to
having a lot of tourists and you can get
it that shaky but it's not an authentic
one and I already have one other like
fake me out made in Thailand dashikis
because it's Kente cloth I believe this
I believe is Kente I'm not sure you
could you could correct me it's some
sort of basically all the African
fabrics should be printed on both sides
oh by happenstance I was at the Green
Market and I saw a side on the street
that said um
Rita's tailor Congolese tailor upstairs
so I went up into this random building
so well she's a little office space with
a bunch of stuff she's definitely from
the DRC
she has all of you want some traditional
Congolese dresses whatever and she had
this one that she I wish I would have
got in another one but I ended up not
going back until like a couple hours
before my flight left from Cape Town
back to Joburg because I thought I could
find it for a slightly cheaper in the
green market but then I realized
everyone was just selling the knockoff
ones so this was like 250 ran which is a
little over 20 bucks so it wasn't a bad
deal because the purple dye shaggy that
I wear that I've won in videos that's
not a real one it's the made in China
one I paid $15 for that so to get an
authentic one it's gorgeous I just put
it on now girl okay I messed up I'm a
makeup can't get it on with my bun okay
just entirely knocking my hair down but
oh well super duper cute and it has
slits long on the sides I will wear this
all the times I just
love it also had her make me something
for my badass nephew so she literally
made this on the spot I got a little
ones for my old and some pants I don't
know if these pants are gonna fit him
cuz he got a booty and he used to make
it so you know he had a little front a
little back then he's tall but we'll see
and then she had some scrap fabric
laying around so I asked her if she
could just take it in like right through
the surge protector and give me some of
her scraps so I can have a head side and
she did just lass and then charge me
like Tamra Hannah which was like less
than a dollar for some fabric so I was
like hey girl hey be all up in the mix
yeah for sure that I wanted African
fabric backpack so I hunt it went down
you're not gonna find a lot of people
that make these because they're
difficult to make and mainly I know a
guy that sells mine in the States cuz he
gets his from Ghana I actually have a
overnight bag wing right there that I
bought from him but I bought this at a
market in on Lane is that the popular
Street on strand someone street they
were charging 800 Rand for this because
Americans and I was like oh hell no
y'all tried it I 600 ran which shows a
bit expensive but whatever girl I really
really wanted it and I needed a bag
because I had bought too much stuff so I
needed bag to pack all the extra stuff I
bought and this was good so 600 ran line
55 $57 I like see and um that's about it
that's all I got in South Africa Josie
enjoying her steak am i sexy
in very sexy
