hey guys it's Julia time another pop
star can we talk about everything from
the low brow to the high brow song as
your eyebrows are on fleek and my life
is not falling apart
you know why but there's 7 a.m. flight
I'm finding New York City because I have
a flight on Monday the South Africa and
yes I am anxious I am so anxious and I
had traveled out of the country by
myself before then I would I be in Dubai
it all by myself
let's talk about what I'm drinking
breath before I get into my itinerary
because my life is gonna be a pop yes my
life it's gonna be a part of pop snark
because I am pop snark I am pop culture
so we'll make that into one of them
cling cling cling cling cling cling
today well I already started drinking
girl because I'm stressed but it's
ginger beer and um honey Jack girl are
brown girl shirts here's a crewneck you
guys have been asking are you ordering
have you been ordering kids sizes I
haven't seen any kids and pictures of
smart brown shirts the onesies the
toddlers the kid size it's like we're
your daughters at hashtag smart brown
girl yeah I want to see them to brown
babies and smart prom girl shirts duh
I'm sorry Bertie I'm turning 30
and you so late if you so know not only
have I not shut up about it but I also
did a whole video talking about wanting
to curate a list for things to do before
I turn 30 but that's not like two weeks
so we'll be just going to a scardy while
30 you can go check that video out and
also give your suggestions because I'm
gonna be recompiling my list and taking
some of your suggestions and creating a
30 while 30 list I'm having a party in
Houston Houston
call my 30th birthday brunch it's open
bar is buffet and it's mahogany themed
with you have it if you don't know what
mahogany is you need to check out Diana
Ross's movie mahogany because I feel
like it speaks to my evolution the
evolution of my maturation into
adulthood that's why we're doing a
themed South Africa I'm having an event
it is damn near sold out I'm so excited
ah this because you know you know pop
snark is there anything below better the
highbrow
and my life is too highbrow heart
let me just give you a little background
on why I'm so anxious about going to
South Africa I could tell a hoppity on
his butt and face we're gonna do it here
so back in September I went out for
drinks with this luck away
it kind of bothers me that I have this
memory like this this Negro who really
hurt my feelings this event whatever I'd
be try not whatever girl anywho I went
out with people that I no longer talked
to we went out for drinks they both were
Nigerian I brought up the fact that I
want it I want to go to South Africa and
I said next year I am going to go to
South Africa and they were like South
Africa is not the real African
experience which is gonna go see some
white people and some giraffes and I'm
like no I feel like I have a special
connection with my audience I feel like
they're dull very understanding and
extremely supportive and I would like to
go meet them so I'm gonna make my way to
South Africa next year in 2015 and they
gave me a really hard time about why
would never been to Africa before why is
the first place that I want to go to be
South Africa if I you know I mean if the
first time going to after that they just
felt like I should really be going to
whatsapp and so it's just weird that
like it manifested itself but now here I
am right before my 30th birthday going
and my event literally might already be
sold out it is mind-boggling feeling
like there's some sort of smart brown
girl topic somewhere in there I don't
know but literally my mind is all over
the place I'm so anxious because it's
just so crazy that I really verbalize
something and it manifested itself so
quickly because I've been going through
some wild ish since about November but
I've been blessed what I want on my
summer I got to do for my 30th birthday
one if you're in Houston it come to my
brunch two on March 28th I went on my
smoke run girls to donate feminine
products to their local women's shelter
and take a picture of your donation are
you in the process of donating it to the
shelter and hash post it on Instagram
hashtag smart brown girl I want my
birthday be a day of giving for
something that we so often take for
granted a local shelter ask for what
they accept as donations find out what
the fuck donation coordinator is every
shelter has one and schedule a time you
your homegirls get your church your
sorority whatever organization you were
involved in and donate on March 28th
let's make it happen brown supposedly
has a break baby like doing way and
Ludacris don't know how to care
Karrueche is just you know I don't even
like this word but her thoughtful
behavior just this like girl why would
you even feed into the petty BS drama
and tweet that year so through a baby
you know something to deal with
it's not even confirm like she's trying
to self-sustain her career basically
that's why I should keep beating into it
that's why she keep coming back I feel
like they already got a prenup and ain't
even married and somewhere in the prenup
says that we have to consistently
exhibit messy behavior and keep our
relationship in the tabloids all the
time nobody cares
speaking of messy behavior on Twitter
Keyshia Cole and her husband Bobby now I
meet the poor decision last night to fly
on my hair and then I couldn't achieve
this without the Flatiron but whatever
it just took me way too long cuz I got
all these short pieces on the side and
just it's struggle why was out
flattering my hair before styling my
hair before o'clock in the morning I'm
gonna be ketchup on the newest segment
of Keyshia Cole's reality series and you
know I'm really gonna like you sure I
want to see Keyshia progress and
flourish actually I do like or something
what I want I do like her and I think
it's very kind of unfortunate the life
circumstances that she finds herself in
with a mother who still clearly addicted
to some substances sisters who just seem
to be ain't shit and then this husband
who is just you know I don't
particularly agree with messy behavior
in dating someone or being in a
relationship and then publicly you know
displaying the breakdown of y'all
relationship however I just don't know
that if I was in a relationship with a
man married my husband let's bring it
all back
not just a relationship she is married
to Bobby that dude she married to that
dude so if my husband if I caught my
husband cheating right we got children's
together and I feel like there ain't
nothing better than me out there so who
exactly are you cheating with and then
we break it he person to do an interview
talking about how you want me back I'm
gonna do better he's gonna get all this
sympathy on Nicole Bitchie and then I
decided to give him another chance
because we have children together and I
love him and I love him hard and I'm not
a person who exhibit who lets go of my
emotions very easily I'm not a person
who has people in my life I already have
trust issues with his pretty much
confirmed that these are all things that
Keyshia Cole also his wife and I get
back with him man he embraced me to his
video shoot and the chick who in the
video claims to still be messing with my
husband and then shows me text messages
I can't say that I wouldn't I think
sometimes we do throw around this time
petty a little too quickly we all revel
in petty behavior every once in a while
especially when it's when it's because
of the detriment of our own emotional
self don't oh I don't want to like fault
her for being emotional I can't say that
I would do too much differently than
what she did it is the 50th anniversary
of it so MA so if you haven't seen the
movie already go watch my review and
then go be a smart brown girl and guy
and go see you ain't got an and an
excuse not to go see someone it is a
beautifully well done movie and and
honoring the 50th anniversary of Selma
yes the president and his family are
there and it's just so glorious to see
the first family the first black first
family walk off of Air Force One
headed to the Selma anniversary I think
it's just a pivotal image in history and
it speaks so much to the progress
because as much as we do when I say we
haven't made a lot of progress I think
we have but we still have a very long
way to go and I just think it speaks to
the legacy and black Americans in this
and this
entry and our overall historically
historical worldwide impact on the
quality of the brows gets people of the
world
Dadda okay so I was in LA earlier this
week I entirely forgot about TV while I
was in LA and I did not watch scandal
when the rest of y'all watch scandal so
I didn't get to tweet about it with the
rest of y'all but y'all are all in my
mentions letting me know that there was
no way I could do Pop's aren't this week
and not and not discuss this episode of
scared it's okay I did not have an
extremely emotional reaction to this
episode of scandal and I'm gonna break
it down for you I overall have lost most
of my interest in scandal which is why I
don't discuss it much in posterity and I
really often times on Thursdays I'm in
no rush to watch it however I don't
discuss it in Pakistan because I don't
feel like there's any productivity and
me lambast thing the series are
explaining why I've lost interest in the
show because everything Hank for me
everything ain't about me and what I
particularly like and I think scandal
does way more and has a way greater
purpose beyond me feeling like it
feeling like he's jumped the shark in
this storyline I can appreciate that
others like it I can appreciate it as
still on TV and I can appreciate that I
citizen I interest and I watching it
that is that with regards this past
Thursday episode which was written by a
black man and it really kind of touched
on the black lives matter campaigning
and the gunning down of young black
males in America now I didn't have a
very emotional response to the episode
because I feel like the episode was for
me and my kind you know I kept up I'm
very well aware I'm very well-versed on
the going ons of the recent black lives
matters campaign and for me it was just
a little heavy-handed in its approach to
the topics but I get it it wasn't for
those of us who are already aware and
understanding
actively involved in the discussions
around black lives matter it was you
know I have to remember that not
everyone who watches scandal with black
not everyone is someone who was aware of
what's going on in America I personally
found it to be a little heavy-handed and
missing more of the complexities of the
circumstances in that you know one in
America a font a black Fowler coming out
with a gun and holding a several-day
standoff would never in Washington DC
where they shot a woman who was mentally
ill in her car with her toddler child
and came too close to the White House
like come on come on seriously second of
all a Republican a white Republican
president would never be that anxious to
apologize for the circumstances nor what
state governors be that vocal about
speaking out about the cause you know in
the context of an actual what's actually
been going on in America you know
whether it's New York City's Mayor Bill
DeBlasio who's a white man with the
black son or our very black president
Barack Obama kind of speaking out about
it and Obama kind of skirted and he's
very careful with his language because
of the politics of being a president and
then Bill DeBlasio was more direct about
it and they have completely tried to
destroy this man just for simply saying
that having a black son he has to train
his son to be careful around the police
because he could lose his life over some
BS so you know but that's a much more
complex conversation and I don't think
we're at that point where a pop culture
show can really affected we have that
conversation so I'm saying all this you
know sad that's the whole speech that
the officer gave the white officer about
risking his life every day when he goes
into his job and going into the
community that's trained to hate him now
you know this this plays into
respectability politics right saw like
funky Denis va's
he did a review of this episode and he
was saying how what the white cop said
was true now and had credence to and how
the black community changes now I don't
believe in
respectability politics
striving to always do better as human
beings and as members of our community
but I don't believe in it because it
doesn't give any credence to the fact
that a lot of these communities are
already having these dialogues and these
conversations this whole idea of
black-on-black crimes and that we don't
discuss it or we don't react it is
straight bullshit tahdig EC Coates back
in 2008 wrote a very good article I've
mentioned it in another pop star already
about how our black communities are out
here protesting black the the crime
rates within their own communities they
are there is activism in the communities
to make them safer places and to get the
young black youth off the streets and
off from the cycle of crime this
discussion and especially when I see how
the black people joining in the
discussion agree with it is such BS but
I think they put inserted that police's
speech made him such an outwardly
hateful person to show that this
Congress say that we acknowledge that
this conversation is happening we do
understand how the police feel but it
doesn't justify their racially motivated
actions happy the shot never so happen I
don't have too much else opinion outside
of that because it just what it was I
watched it and then walked away feeling
like that was not for me Joe definitely
served his purpose and I hope that we
can continue this conversation and I
hope that this is a first step in having
a more and I say new want since so many
of my videos I gotta find a new where a
girl but having a more nuanced
conversation around the complexities of
how the police patrol black
neighborhoods you know as much as I
don't like the Lee Daniels I do like the
diversity and the complexity of the
characters whether it's the oldest son
Andre dealing with mental health issues
and being bipolar the middle son
supposedly my little brother
Josie samal and y'all not funny um being
gay and having a father who's homophobic
and very unaccepting
and then the youngest child the youngest
boy Hakeem who's just a spoil has bright
and funny looking at that I I do like
the detail to attention in their
relationships and how they deal with
each other I just think it's not only is
it entertaining and fun to watch but it
touches on a lot of topic so I'm quite
enjoy the show I only watch the houses
that I've been there to lit from this
past Sunday because there was so much
discussed discussion around how far off
the cliff the show has gone and how
embarrassing it was to see grown women
go to dinner and get in an argument like
that I mean I watched it and I'm just
like this can't be real life and Sofia
is dead as wrong for engaging in a silly
conversation at the expense of this
woman's own personal life all right my
mind's been all over the place as I said
earlier I'm gonna top that because how's
the car is done came out girl I've been
trying to keep myself from binge
watching it but you know you sit down so
I will just watch one episode and five
episodes later oh if you not you need to
go get you some Kevin Spacey first of
all if you ain't never seen unusual
suspects Keyser söze II on them hoes you
need to go like it then you need to go
sign you up for you one month of Netflix
that's all you need and go my choice of
cards and get you a little piece of
American politics intelligence girl and
I'll put you all this so much I'm just
looking up shit like oh the general
solicit or I didn't even know that was a
role thing that I missed let me know in
the comment section down below I'm sorry
girls I'm so damned loopy awesome I wish
me well pray for me as I fly to South
Africa I'm excited I will be vlogging so
definitely go ahead and subscribe to my
vlog Channel Joel life Jo UEL oh I am i
oh girl
jo UEL LIF e and I want to start back
with my ass Jules e series I think I'm
gonna do much shorter kind of vignette
videos that offer quick clips on topics
so you can either email me and please
don't do super loaded I my relationship
I have to tell you my whole life story
questions but if you have any any
questions email ask at Jule's e-comm and
I'll pick some and start doing actual
videos again if you
like to remain anonymous you can submit
questions to my ask fm page just hashtag
it ask Jules e so I know that your you
would like this to be for at Josie video
and I won't bother with replying to you
with the dry ass typed up message I
really hate tight typing which is why
I'm so short on ask fm but it's fun it's
a good way to procrastinate anyhow
thanks for watching as always thumbs up
leave a comment if you haven't already
subscribed to the smart brown girl
