hey guys it's Julian it's time for
another wig review as part of my wig
Wednesday series girl and yes of course
I am bringing you the best off with a
kinky stray wig options that are out
there because what I am is completely
obsessed with kinky straight hair today
this unit is from best lace wigs yes the
same company that Evelyn did that
hilarious review of I'm sorry my editing
skills and my wig aren't up to par with
her so this review would not be nearly
as hilarious as hers but this is an 18
inch full lace human hair unit and
natural color with a glueless cap a GSW
one-three-seven so it's 18 inches but I
actually chopped a good bit of hair off
because I wanted a more blunt cut to
kind of give this retro feel to it this
right here is combed out curl wand curls
the hair came straight and fluffy but I
have Flatiron did put perm rods in it
crud with the curling iron and curl it
with the curl one and then brush it down
to get this so I've done a bunch of
different hairstyles on it in my African
ancestry video I am wearing this hair
and I absolutely possibly love it I
don't even use the combs in this wig it
fits so snugly and perfectly to my very
large head I'm I also have no concealer
on the lace if you want to hide the
knots I would suggest placing a little
concealer on it but I literally plopped
this wig on I cut it but I didn't cut it
to style it I literally cut like did a
blunt cut I didn't really add layers or
anything into it it shipped longer than
18 inches it was like bow down here when
I got it
all the kinky strangways that I received
this one is definitely the silkiest like
it's super soft to the touch that I've
almost like is it really kinky straight
but then you look at it and I feel like
it does give the look of very kind of
like if you have not necessarily 3c hair
but even someone with like type 4 hair
that has to be happens to be really kind
of like soft and fine if you like flat
iron your hair would give this fluffy
appeal basically it looks like my
sister's hair flat iron that's what I
feel like this looks like
um but it just feels super duper soft
and silky to the touch while still
looking like a textured kinky straight
wig so hmm
ah that's really it let me know what
you're thinking about this I keep doing
these retro hairstyles because I'm
trying to figure out how I want to hit
wear my hair for my 30th birthday brunch
which if you're in Houston you're
invited to you can purchase a ticket too
and but I'm really kind of feeling this
flowy effervescent look I'm loving a
description box down below for a coupon
comb and all the details again will be
down below in the description but I'm
trying to give you the night since the
Indies round the way girl tease am i
doing it am i doing it well let me know
