hey guys just do believe it's time for
another pop star we talked about
everything from the low bail to the
highbrow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek and I am super late on getting
this up because if you can't tell i am
not currently home I haven't Florida
visiting with family I'm kind of the
atma mama house and you know trying to
record in somebody else's house is just
a little awkward it's a little different
so we don't want to try to get through
this because there is so much to Kiki
and talk about so what are used to being
on today I have a glass of moscato
because my mother doesn't drink regular
why she drinks mascota so hey hey hey
hey if this is your first time watching
popstar be sure to thumbs up of course
comment along the way I would love you
to join this discussion this is all
about creating a dialogue with my smart
brown girls boys and the like and if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
join all the smart brown girl fun over
here with me Jules II have finally
launched our smart brown girls shirts in
kids sides it's not only in just kids
sizes but we had onesies and shirts for
tablets as well as soon as we get those
roll down in order to start coming in we
will launch our plus sign also if you
want to meet Jules II that would be me
out on the road I will be in South
Africa's part of my 30th birthday rich
will like trip i guess i'm going to
South Africa from March 11th through the
17th we are currently attempting to plan
a meet and greet which is a little bit
different because I've never been in
South Africa before I'm not currently
there to play in the event but we soon
as I have more details I will announce
it it's going to be in Johannesburg
probably on March thirteenth or
fourteenth and I will announce it
obviously via youtube facebook and
twitter and instagram so it is good to
be sure to follow me and engage me on
all those social media platforms I will
be in Paris for a layover that's a full
day on March 18th as a Wednesday I've
been toying we're doing a meet-and-greet
I don't know because I'm my first time
in Paris and I'm only gonna be there for
24 hours and really I just want to drink
some cheese eat some wine I gave me some
macaroons and see the Eiffel Tower and
the
rare the other fancy ish I can't speak
French ah but I don't know if it's we're
trying to do like a small meet and greet
on a Wednesday evening in Paris I don't
know how these things work but feel free
to comment down below and let me know or
you can always email me tacos at Jule's
ecom yes because tacos are my favorite
food that's a real email i will be in
Atlanta on world natural hair show
weekend at the kinky hair done locked
vent on April 24 I would be in
Cincinnati on Memorial Day weekend for
the Midwest mind body and beauty expo
that is May twenty-third and
twenty-fourth and then I will be in
detroit on july eleventh 7-11 wave your
hands and wave them tiger side is a
happy office a 7-eleven um at the
embrace the natural you event I will
have links for everything down below my
stuff is Bruce Jenner who was in a four
car accident this past weekend and yes
he has been in the news because
apparently he is transitioning from male
to female um let's just talk about this
cracks in it first because it's kind of
crazy a woman to lose her life they're
saying it was looking like it's bruce
jenner's fault because he was on his
phone during the conversation and i
think it is just crazy for this to be
happening in the midst of him being in
the media already for very controversial
topic now with regards to the whole
trans situation I've made a point to not
talk about trans issues at all on my
channel because I don't feel like I'm at
the point where I could have a
productive conversation around the issue
and I don't naturally feel like the
community is really at a point where the
questions that I have can really be
asked right now and they're be the sort
of discussion that I want there to be
around you know trans specifically with
regards to black women in this community
way deeper than we needs to get trying
to keep that same refrain what regarding
that Bruce Jenner situation even though
my hesitation with it is more sort of do
with his dealings with Kris Jenner and
the fact that he does come from a very
media crazy and media obsessed family
and he himself you know even though the
Kardashians might have one up to man
being media crazy Bruce Jenner has
always been a very mainstay in media to
the point where people are accusing him
of being a sellout and so yeah I just
have kind of a pause with this
transitioning to a woman thing and like
yeah him and chris our divorce but like
really and what's her role in all of
this and how is she trying to flip this
for some media coin because i feel i
just recently i posted an article on my
facebook page totally unaware of the
larger issue that was going on i did not
realize that there was a measles out
when it comes say hi my mother is here
she should come say hi come i was
actually getting ready to talk about
anti-vaxxers we were back cited as kids
all of you were well there's this thing
going on with those a measles outbreak
in Disney World and I did not realize
this and I posted an article about how
anti-vaxxers impact those who are too
young or immune diseases that don't
allow them to get vaccinated and I did
not realize that it was that big of an
issue but people are not back sending
their children because they feel like it
leads to autism think it's the MMR
vaccination that they believe weeds to
autism and I think what's really
happening is that autism spectrum
disorder did not enter into the American
context until the 1940s so it's very new
disease yeah 1943 really mm-hmm get
white so easy for people to fall into
this fallacy of a belief that a
vaccination will cause autism but this
vaccination has been around before
autism was even understood in the
American context and so I just I it's
just it's not it's a seriously it is
it's a very slippery slope and it's a
hard conversation have a people because
people will regurgitate things that
sound really good but when she scratched
me the surface don't really hold much
facts and it's a hard time try to get
them to understand why this is in
well that a lot of people were trying to
say that this was a move by the CDC or
the government to keep us back a sheep
and kind of lead us to the slaughter why
would you continue to go to the doctor
at all why would you take
over-the-counter medicine you know it's
the same breath that people are saying
oh if the government try to control us
people are also trying to attribute this
to big pharma companies and it's like
don't you realize that the
pharmaceutical companies makes so much
more money over-the-counter drugs and
they do over prescription drugs this is
why most of your allergy medications
like zyrtec or claritin have become over
the counter because they become
accessible to more people they can
charge you a higher rate and are not
subsidized by the government benefit
large pharmaceutical companies for us to
vaccinate and so I really kind of think
it's funny that people will accuse big
pharma companies are pushing their
vaccinations on us when you know on the
flipside somebody can say that this is
all a conspiracy theory to just get
everybody confused and in the end
because now so many people aren't
pushing away from these vaccinations and
we are having this art outbreaks and
nobody can decide what the real causes
of them are and at the end the day we
also have to be medicated for them who's
winning in this discussion the
pharmaceutical companies um but what I
just really want to courage people
overall and the speculation discussion
is if you have questions learn how to
properly question your doctor to get
honest answers and I think that's where
a lot of people have the problem with
its having doctors that do not have good
bed seismic bedside manner if somebody
did recently asked me if I was going to
talk about Kendrick Lamar's blacker the
berry single that dropped the day after
the grammys on pop star and I told them
now and that without my because the
other night whenever going to pop
mark I did not talk about Kendrick
Lamar's single because I had not heard
it yeah I've heard it and I listened to
it and so now we've been to talk about
it and thank you for your suggestion
girl shout out to you Oh guy I don't
know who that was cuz it was anonymous
but um the day after finally winning a
Grammy to make up for his slow but he
got last year at the grammys Kendrick
Lamar drops a single lap at the berries
via taraji p henson who's giving us all
the t's on Empire playing cookie which
is the only reason any of us watch em
pie and Kendrick Lamar black of the
berry basically was at to me kind of
like a rebuff to his recent interview
with billboard that a lot of us
including myself took issue with because
look a lot of opinions that kind of
erred on the side of respectability
politics and he took the bet and went to
bat for Iggy Azalea and you know yeah
it's you know what we did we'll talk
about Kendrick and his new song because
I do appreciate him calling on his own
hypocrisy and really kind of talking
about his own internal struggle with
having a public voice and being able to
speak about things in a public forum but
still feeling a certain way about what's
going on in his own community and trying
to figure out where he lies with all of
that I love the cover art a title is
based off of wallace Beery men's book
the black of the very which i will be
ordering off the lamela's on i'll link
down below and then i read it soon and
maybe one of these days i was in around
the start of that book club i've been
talking about girl here soon or then
sooner hopefully fingers crossed it's so
much work he apologized but overall I
really just you know regardless of
Kendrick Lamar's previous billboard am
interview I never really held that
against him so much because I have you
realized that a lot of these people who
usually enjoy listening to the ident I
don't necessarily need to always agree
with their opinion but I also definitely
appreciate his humility and I appreciate
that I feel like his association with
flying lotus is rubbing off with him
because even though this song was
produced by I think boy one day
I just enjoy the overall kind of I'm
getting a lot more flying lotus by
between I which won the Grammy and that
black of the berry and he actually is on
flying Louis his last album with the
song catch them if you can I believe as
a title song I don't know the video is
dope though definitely check out the
video I'll link it down below which is
super cute video watch I listen to the
song on YouTube and so you know this
into a few times really kind of get the
gist of the lyrics cuz it's heavy and I
would it was most amusing is that I kind
of ended down the rabbit hole because
there was someone who commented and I
had never heard anything before the
third pew and he had a check next was
name so i click on his profile because
that means he's legit in the name of
youtube um but you know in cooking his
profile it was like really interesting
to discover someone who's been able to
blatantly talk about black racial issues
to a post-race audience and like be
accepted for it and i think it's super
cute that he can make race very
palatable all because dispense with
tyler oakley like i was like looking
through his stuff and i think oh this is
really cool and then but then it also
kind of makes me sad well sad but not
sad it's like a really weird ization
when you realize how engaging kind of
the white or the non-black teenage
youngster teenage young adult audience
is in contrast to black women i promise
you black women are the luckiest of
lurkey estoy keas audiences ever and so
mean you know I'm kind of understanding
I'm more understanding and less
frustrated when brands or companies or
potential opportunities tell me that
they are unsure about working in this
sector because black women are really
kind of not that easy to work with and
it's I think the examples are clear when
I look at kind of the my lateral peers
who have similar content but are able to
engage a racially at a racially
different kind of audience and age group
and their engagement rates are like
super duper high like between gay men
and young adults way more engaging than
whoever is what the obby just learned
yet I I personally feel like I have a
very lurked a stick audience I don't
know what I gotta be lurking I don't
know what you stated a cookie monster
coming for you ain't nobody is still
your social i remember just because you
commented on a video boo boo but that
was just you know ended up that a very
deep Brad hall when he referred from the
third of you i had to stop I just
thought because you start getting down
the rabbit hole of like young
average-looking non-black content
creators who just do videos doing LA and
girl you can just think that can really
mess with your head like real so I had
some backup Iggy Azalea we ending back
to the Grammys yet his child is just
aunt astok but Iggy Azalea because she's
a lost puppy in a world of appropriating
black culture and she can't seem to
catch a hit and she uncle couldn't catch
this hit when she went to order a pizza
oh please if I'm Papa John's Wood she
ordered with her real cell phone number
I don't even give my cell phone number
out to papa john's and I promise you
homeboy ate like Josie let me give your
number to my sister promise you that's
not happening it's called a landline a
google number your friends number Oh
random number does Papa John's really
call you when they deliver don't think
ring a doorbell if the delivering it to
a hotel they call your hotel room number
I am so confused at how this breach of
whatever happened according to Iggy what
she could have just used a secondary
number like using some common sense girl
it's free the serial podcast which quite
a few of you have put you to tweet me
asked via ask FM or just flat out ask in
the comments because I don't know how
anyone missed the fact that the podcast
is actually called serial like SE RI al
because I said it several times
the two different pops marks where I
talked about it I don't get it I don't
know why there will be a link down below
where you can listen to it but Adnan
sees appeal was granted and the hearing
is set for June thank you all for
tweeting me about it I heard about it
it's happening for reals bobbi kristina
is in the news of course it's not
looking good for her supposedly it's
supposedly is some ish that I really
don't want to regurgitate because i feel
like the news is being very unethical
and covering the story just an attempt
to be the first to get the most clicks
it's all about the ad revenue and really
it is a very very very sad situation and
it's one minute this is happening in the
next minute the family saying no
accidents not what's happening and I'm
wrong way either way prayers up and
that's right engine yay girl so with
regards real hospitable lanta often I'm
not here for Todd like I never thought
that day would come but I'm just hmm I
don't like the way Todd speak like I
don't like his tone of voice when he
speaks I don't like how a bracelet he is
when he talks and I guess you know but
so much of it can be editing technically
he used thank you for agreeing with me
but um you know I don't I don't I don't
like candy neither know like candy just
doesn't she don't have enough of a
backbone for me and I feel like I don't
that
yes don't think she she doesn't choose
she just always aim to miss the mark on
when to set someone straight and when to
actually be upset at somewhere she just
gets angry at all the wrong people and
just she's constantly shifting blame and
then nothing ever gets resolved Portia
is still dumb as doorknobs and I think
I'm at the point where I might have to
stop watching Real Housewives of Atlanta
because I don't feel like it's
portraying the message that I want I
feel like it's erring on the side of
where it really is you know for Porsha
to have so much kind of broto around
having fake tits nice teeth and a cute
leave but no substance beneath that and
see how many people are really kind of
feeding into the storyline and feeding
it to this image she's presenting as
something desirable it's it's it's
slightly different it's offensive it is
it's some jager I guess you guys thought
I was going to a grandbaby cat but we're
gonna get a completely different video
because I can keep this under 15 minutes
so you can watch my memory review after
you watch this pipeline video and I want
to thank you for watching as always make
sure you thumbs up if you haven't
already subscribe leave a comment and
share with your friends get the word out
don't keep me to yourself and go cop
you're smart brown girl onesie for your
daughter your knees your cousin's your
best friend's sister you got daughter
all that right this is
