hey guys is jolzi and it is time for
another pop snark when we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek pop spark is something I do
especially for my smart ground girls
always you can support pop snark and the
smart brown girl movement by hitting up
shop that smart brown girl calm where I
have smart brown girl apparel we do have
a limited preset of sorority colored
sweatshirts as well as a standard smart
brown girl sweatshirts and t-shirts so
go ahead and support our this week I am
sipping on I'm just so grateful with
h-e-b and pick these up the other week
and I was like oh my gosh I don't know
if I have any liquor for pop start but
this week I am keeping it hood keeping a
ranch a girl it's the third time anyway
I don't already ate dinner so it's okay
for me to have a glass of Moscato but
look at these little out few bottles
perfect serving size of the behringer
pink Moscato they were on sale the case
of four was like six bucks or something
ridiculous something out of a wine glass
for you to prove all right
clink clink clink clink clink let me
know in the comments down below what are
you sipping on if you're under 21 girl
keep it PG keep it cute sweet oh but
this Monday is Martin Luther King Day
his actual birthday was last week but
the federal holiday celebrating the
legacy of Martin Luther King is today so
in honor of MLK I hope if you have not
already go see Salma you can check out
my review it is a historical movie so
there are no spoilers and even
considering that I still didn't get too
much into detail knowing that someone
for some of you this might be an
introduction to civil rights movement
and black American culture so I
respectfully did not get into the
details of the movie so that you
wouldn't feel like I gave you any
spoilers to something that you could
just read a Wikipedia page on knowshe oh
it's okay no I'm just happy if you go
support the movie you don't even matter
if you watch my review or not please
support the greatness that Ava Duvernay
put out for all of us to see in summer
now after you go see some definitely
look up my spirit animal James Baldwin's
debate with William F Buckley you know
around the same
time of Martin Luther King Bloody Sunday
you know the march from Selma to
Montgomery
you know there were a lot of other civil
rights activists partaking you know
unlike today's society where we have
celebrities speaking on civil rights
matters who don't read books you know
back in the 60s you know was actually
the literary celebrities who were very
vocal in the civil rights movement that
big James Baldwin is he's never been a
James Baldwin book girl go pick you one
up just above my head is my favorite
James Baldwin book however why bring up
this debate because James Baldwin it's
just I enjoy watching his interviews
from that period because he was just so
full of like no fucks given like real
grit like he wasn't even he wasn't even
trying to like gloss things over for you
he was like facts only this shit ain't
cute this is what it is but him and all
of this unbothered this I think this
debate I'm Liam F Buckley is a founder
of National Review it's a conservative
paper that still out today and I don't
remember quite where the debate is I
it's an hour long you don't have to
watch the whole thing
watch the 15-minute intro because this
is hilarious to see white people in like
1964-65 kake'land has the kind of humor
of talking about the injustice is
happening to black people it's not
offensive laughter either and then
listen to the opening arguments and then
listen to James Baldwin's speech or his
debate argument because it's just girl
it's good Ava Duvernay
and all her glory news and the full cast
of Soma was entirely snubbed when the
Oscar nominations were announced this
past week this turned out to be the
whitest nomination since I believe 1998
with no person of color nominated in any
acting role I do feel like Spike Lee
kind of encapsulated the situation the
best and he's historically been
consistently snubbed from the Oscars
where I believe the year that do the
right thing came out Driving Miss Daisy
um won for Best Picture and do the right
thing was not nominated for it I don't
know if it wasn't nominated for anything
but it wasn't nominated
in any of the acting or Best Picture
roles and you know Spike Lee brought up
he's like you know yeah it's a snub for
a Ville in 2015
20-something years later nobody's
teaching Driving Miss Daisy Daisy and
college courses it hasn't had a as large
of a cultural impact as do the right
thing did and do the right thing is
still a movie that's constantly talked
about in the context of cultural issues
and it's taught in classrooms and it's
taught at film academies and so the
legacy that the film Selma will leave is
way greater than any snub that the
Oscars can give but it's still a snub
it's still laying right so ask them keep
it not just ex-boyfriends Safari did an
interview at power 105 Breakfast Club
and full fuck-boy regale hold on hold on
my man
Safari just I just with the fur Gillette
or good let let me not even front like
I'm even that fashionable to call this
anything other than a fur vest but my do
between the fur whatever you want to
call that the rings the jewelry when the
whatever cup of coffee and tea news
drinking my said Monroe Tarkas he was
just popping it left and right and you
know I've said before that I did not get
Nicky and safaris relationship largely
because I have never heard the man speak
before and I went in to interview fully
expected some BS and I was totally
thrown off at like first of all he has a
very nice speaking of always second he
likes spoke and full coherent sentences
he was extremely respectful and just you
know had a lot of credibility in caliber
in the interview that he gave me his
Breakfast Club interviews with DJ MV and
Charlamagne
they definitely set you up to take shots
like they set you up to make throwing
shade is so easy and he didn't take any
of the baby kind of really come from him
that he genuinely loved her they were
together for quite a few years he did
they did not get married because it
would be public record and she wanted to
hide the relationship respectfully
highlighted that it you know he didn't
even say it outright
it's kind of like Charlemagne asked like
how could she want to hide the
relationship with you but then all of a
sudden be so public about the break-up
and he was like you can all inflect or
you know deduce what we want about the
relationship you know this two sides of
the truth we said I know the truth it
really made me almost like respecting
the human eyes a little bit more because
it's like yo he really is a good dude
also maybe kind of you know I think he
did kind of highlight some of the my
girl really moments from her after
watching the interview and like now this
Nicki Minaj mini doc that's on MTV I
think this is all a stunt they play in
us i think nicki has to be I'm gonna get
back together jazmine sullivan released
her third studio album with reality show
and she's a smart brown girl that we all
need to go support she is like the
second coming of the voice of God you
know if you watched my summer review
you'll get the reference
but jazmine sullivan is just in her own
lane when it comes to life her voice and
her vocals and reality show is a great
album please go support her her record
label RCA V throw her all the shame with
that lame-ass budget they be giving her
to promote her music I feel like her
albums haven't done as well as they
potentially could have not because she's
not putting out great music but because
you just genuinely don't know when she
drops her album my job if we could do
what the little we can do and go support
her by her album you know I encourage
all of you to get into some politics
crash Boko Haram in Nigeria so I did not
talk about this in my last pop snark not
because I am not fully aware people are
arguing that OCO home situation in
Nigeria is not getting as much media
coverage because it's a matter of brown
and black people now I do think that
it's part of the issue but I do not
believe that that is the reason for why
the one thing I have learned from my
African versus african-american video
with Evelyn from the Internet's is that
when you start talking about Nigerians
yo the pride is strong and I realize I
can't speak for an entire name
of like however many ethnic groups Simon
is gonna stay a few facts and you can
deduce from it what she would like area
where Boko Haram is attacking and is in
northern Nigeria in the borno state
which borders Czech Chad has have been
having civil and unrest for like forever
in a day and they're never in the news
to the last dictator of Nigeria military
dictator was ethnically speaking from
the Borno area my man was president like
until like 1998 like this issue was like
recent for my generation okay there are
only satellite pictures of the area that
is being attacked they don't have mobile
service in the area and so a lot of the
pictures that you've seen floating
around the bar from like 2010 like
they're not from the past year they're
only satellite pictures I have looked at
the satellite pictures I don't
understand that I do believe that Boko
Haram is waging like a serious pogrom in
northern Nigeria I do believe that the
attacks are close to the 2,000 deaths
that the NGOs and locals are reporting I
happen to know quite a few people who
are like United States of America for
less than five years in amongst this
company I've asked about the attacks by
Boko Haram and I have been told straight
up in very serious terms that Boko Haram
is a Western conspiracy theory and don't
really believe it's happening you know
until like last week nobody that I knew
was talking about Boko Haram now what
I'm also aware of is that most of the
people that I know are either from Lagos
or from Southeast Nigeria the Biafra war
which was basically like against the
South East region of Nigeria where this
happened like 50 60
years ago so you know it's interesting
because my timelines on Facebook and
Twitter are largely more full of talks
about Maharis daughter's photoshopped
picture and the elections that are
coming up the presidential election I
saw like a few I am Nigeria pray for
Nigeria pictures it's not having one I
saw was like pray for Nigeria another
Nigerian was like four what's what's
going on like what happened and somebody
else said that something needs to happen
and they were like true and so now
that's good to say that we shouldn't
talk about it that's not to say that
there doesn't need to be a push against
a corrupt government against
ethnocentrism you know against
respecting the humanity of people who
regardless of ethnic or religious
affiliations still have the right to
live a safe and peaceful life I'm just
saying all I can do is say facts Oh what
are you watching on TV
clearly not sorority sisters I've
noticed a ton of you have been asking
for a review on the Fox primetime series
Empire featuring taraji P Henson and a
pimp named slickback Terrence Howard
yeah that guy so basically to sum it up
taraji P Henson is carrying that entire
series like her character cookie and her
pimp hat our hood rich sense of fashion
of her one-liners is giving me all my
life I don't understand how they're just
saying Gabby Sidibe de it's just so
disrespectful and so rude like whoever
put her in horizontal stripes last
episode that was so unnecessary like you
could do back okay what I really don't
get about the show though is why does it
have to come on the same time as
blackish like for all the limited access
to primetime basic cable mainstream
television programming featuring black
aren't actors why would you put on too
heavily black casted shows at the same
time like I get ones on Fox and what is
all ABC but seriously like don't nothing
come on on Tuesday night
nothing good come on on Monday night
neither truth be told you coulda came on
at the same time as lemon hip hop
blackish came out first and pyre could
come on on Tuesday or Monday night later
start a petition to get Empire to come
on another night because it's really
really wrong the back to choose between
the two programming's and I can't
support them both the Whitney lifetime
biopic came on last night and um I mean
I think the alia biopic sent our set our
barometers extremely low
honestly the Whitney biopic was mediocre
I don't know who they casted for Bobby
Brown Bobby Brown ain't never been that
cute a damn day in his life that was not
the Whitney Houston story that was the
Bobby Brown trying to save his
reputation story um the sex scenes were
so unnecessary it was basically like
they had a lot of sex Whitney was doing
drugs before Bobby and Bobby just did
everything because he was passionately
in love with Whitney and that lady who
told this story though like I couldn't
see why Whitney Houston's family was not
asking with it because it just it didn't
tell any part of her story like Whitney
for all her shortcomings was you know we
could have explored her childhood we
could explode her relation with her
mother and her father her growing up in
the church
famous godparents her relationship with
the wine is like me Houston had a legacy
long before she ever met and got
entangled with Bobby Brown and Bobby
Brown was doing bad all by his damn self
with or without nippy so like I just
and then this figure like you know if
you want to call they really could have
called this lebra Cox sings the covers
Deborah Cox collected our Canadian coin
for singing all the songs than Whitney
biopic they weren't bad you know by
Deborah Cox taters and Deborah Cox was
an amazing beautiful voice
they just wasn't Whitney heywhat it you
know you know what they did they
although they nailed them damn costumes
like you can look up Whitney at each and
every point whether it's at the 1989
Soul Train award then she got the
wedding the wedding and all those
ridiculous purple outfits the guy who
played Clive Davis Kelton even the
for sure that they did tell it just made
Bobby Brown look real good and we all
know wasn't none of that the truth so I
wasn't mad at it but I feel like
lifetime just needs tonight don't know
more about fix last time like go back to
making your soap opera esque made-for-tv
movies let's stick to those okay I see
you try to get the black woman coin if
this is the close as you can get
just leave it weep about the
cancellation of sorority sisters I see
all you out on Twitter that are so mad
and I still don't see that petition that
you've started for love and hip hop this
is what this is my Mohammed argument
everyone keep saying all these people
are watching love of hip-hop in to and
then all of a sudden they went to watch
already sisters
sorority sisters did not get cancelled
because my age group you know the under
30 crowd boycotted sorority sisters
she's really the over 40 the mom the
grown woman crowd came out as people who
are tweeting the the companies and
saying I'm not gonna support you I've
never do this the guy the person even
came up with that strategy was an alpha
who's like in his 50s the guy there was
a divine nine book like grown people you
got the grown folk in it and that's why
all of a sudden it was moved to actually
you have people that only go on Twitter
when Delta tells them decided a tweet oh
that I know for a fact watch lemon hip
hop and our servers they were quiet they
was it they was mom they was not in the
discussion I didn't even I ain't signed
no petition I didn't send out note
wheats I did a video on it and then I
respectfully chose not to watch the show
so it's just I think and again as I said
in my article people this are not going
to enter your denying the organization
so you're not gonna understand like the
breakdown and how things work and you
know I feel like this show really got
canceled because those two IKS got
suspended and I don't know if aka works
the same as Delta wins if you get
suspended and you're repping the
organization like with your letters on
that's a like legit lawsuit and don't so
will win
character certain person who is listed
on the suspended page and listed on the
expell page and you can read her entire
court case against a sorority
and how she still got her letter
snatched you still mad about something
that happened on a campus you carrying
some personal I get it
you went to an aka van you mistakenly
had on blue and yellow and somebody who
thought they was Cooper wasn't really
cute in real life checked you and you
still mad about it
boo chance was on Nancy Grace discuss
the legalization of marijuana and for a
man formerly went by the name Teddy Boys
he did quite well like I was not mad at
the interview at all up some pretty
legitimate cases as to why um you know
marijuana should be legalized I do
believe it should be legalized it's as
to change so aptly put it out it will
save a lot of taxpayer dollars
you know the criminalization of
marijuana largely impacts low-income
people of color and so it's you know the
legalization of marijuana I don't know
if it's really gonna benefit these
people anyway because it's basically
it's going to put more money in the
white man's pocket it is what it is but
you know Nancy Grace just role to change
for the 15 minutes she interviewed him
for and he just kind of houses all she
kept throwing up these random cases of
someone who gave their two year old a
blonde or someone who just did some dumb
shit after smoking marijuana and it's
like these are people just have poor
judgment in real life they would have
poor judgment sober you know for all
that you could bring up all the wild
cases of somebody putting vodka in their
two-year-olds baby bottle it's happened
why is it alcohol illegal we don't need
to go back to the Prohibition era either
you know let me set my wine real quick I
will link to the interview down below
and I'm gonna watch this Nicki Minaj
mini doc and we'll cover that in next
week's pop snart as always thanks for
watching if you really love me you want
to come spend some time in the Sun with
me I will be attending Bermuda's Greek a
lovely week and I know I just of all the
sorority shade like less than five
minutes ago however even if you are not
Greek affiliated oh come and spend some
time with me in Bermuda link will be
down below for all the details on this
awesome spring break and don't worry I'm
not trapped I will not
wearing any of my letters I'm gonna be a
regular human being be jolzi true come
on Peter colada in the Sun and having a
good Oh clean ratchet time so come along
with me thanks for watching support a
smart brown girl I'm out this is some of
the movie don't move me so much
I don't even looked up how to correctly
pronounce Ava Duvernay last name let's
plate it again okay
