hey guys it's Julian here goes my first
smart brown girl movie reviewing guess
what movie I am reviewing of course dear
my people and if you're new to this
channel you didn't already know because
you've been slipping on Keeping Up with
my videos I not too long ago interviewed
one of the producers for dear white
people
Lena weight also known as Helmand grad
on social media hence why I'm wife
rocking my homegirls Hillman hoodie I'll
have a link down below for these I think
people have had a very strong reaction
to it because it's one a film directed
written and produced by a team of black
people and it is God it has gotten a lot
of press and there's not a Tyler Perry
film which means and doesn't
particularly rest on overt motifs of
being super Christian and boardwalk
crying her way down the church aisle to
redemption and you know the single black
female struggle and finding you a good
man by dating yo local trash collector
Jager none of that is featured in dear
white people and so with all the press
and talk about finding finally having a
movie targeted at college-educated black
folk and the like this has had a lot of
strong young actress might think one of
the follies of us as people of color
when it comes to things that are
supposed to speak to the kind of upper
echelon of the talented tenth as we
would say even though I don't
particularly believe the ideology of the
talents tenth time to get very
protective and if it doesn't tell our
story
we don't really bang with it can do
lowbrow right Tyler Perry Steve Harvey
films again they're super cliche so we
can all kind of accept them for what
they are but when things like black-ish
or dear white people come out we want it
to tell our story because we fashion
ourselves as representations of the
better side of what it what a black
person in America is because we are
constantly negating so many negative
stereotypes doesn't tell every
college-educated black person's story if
you went to an HBCU you might walk out
the film feeling like okay it does take
place at a PWI a predominantly white
institution i overall
enjoyed the film I do find certain
criticisms are due to it it was a bit
heavy-handed I says a lot of dialogue a
lot it's a lot to take in
and I do think that Justin could have
taken some of the things out that he put
in the film like you have this one
opportunity and you kind of want to
encompass everything and it's like one
opportunity because you don't know if
we're gonna ever have this opportunity
again and so that's kind of the feel
that I got from the movie I did not like
the main character Sam but I knew going
in that I was not going to care for Sam
I'm never particularly a fan of the
tragic mulatto character now I know some
people had an issue sam is played by
Tessa Thompson the character Sam is a
biracial light-skinned wavy baby hybrid
a chick who is battling with her
whiteness as a pro black kind of
feminist character now I wasn't offended
I just didn't like her as a person I
think all the seven archetypes of Negro
theater tragic mulatto is one of them
tragic mulatto is always kind of like
this uber angsty is caught in between
your whites and their black side and so
they're listening to be super lost and
whatever it is they are and like their
storyline usually comes to them coming
to like terms with their um kind of the
duplicity of their identity essentially
I don't know why I want to say duplicity
but that was a way that was on my brain
so like Coco story Coco's play by Tiana
pear I enjoyed her story being told
because I think so often when it comes
to telling the story in black woman in
America we tend to skip over the story
of a someone who legitimately started
from the bottom has a hood name and is
trying to move past that in their way of
moving past that is to completely deny
or push themselves away from everything
that they feel is black and that's kind
of what Coco's character does
interesting that she chooses in the game
of Coco wears blue contacts and we and
you know she kind of misses the mark
that allow these things essentially do
make her more hood but for whatever
reason she seems this as you know her
being able to rise above and get into an
Ivy League school she sees all these
kind of components as making her better
than what she came from I think it's a
very complex story and I was so happy to
see it and dear white people because
it's not that uncommon I think on maybe
more
you know minut levels there are
connections that women of color have to
the story of Coco
and so yeah part of me does I wish I
wish coke I was my main character than
Sam Sam was just angsty you know and
I've seen her character before whether
it's um in the women of Brewster place
very common kind of moods motif in
african-american literature and so I get
the essence of her story but I do think
a lot of kind of the critiques to the
story kind of tied directly into the
heavy-handedness of Sam's character I'm
the kid from Everybody Hates Chris plays
Lionel a gay male who's also attending
the college and he is kind of conflicted
because he's constantly he hasn't fit
into any community he's too black to be
part of the white community because he's
gay and the black community historically
has been a very homophobic community and
he's also kind of into a little bit more
nerdier things each sex was like the
anime character like the kid in high
school who always wore those polyester
button-ups that's what Lionel strike me
as um and so his own kind of
insecurities kind of made him an outlier
and I thought his character was I really
enjoyed his storyline oh well I mean I
was a person who went to both the PWI
and I went to HBCU I did attend Howard
briefly and so I kind of get like the
what the story was going for I left I
found it funny I didn't I wasn't mad I
think you definitely come out of the
movie wanting to talk about it I hope
that Justin and the team are kind of
open to some of the more valid criticism
around the film so they have one they
have an activity to do another
production you know it could be a little
bit more softer as approach I encourage
you all to go support see it and if
you've seen it already let me know your
thoughts down below and I want you to
let me know in the comments down below
do you have any friends who are of color
that wear color contacts and have you
talked to them about why they do such
things I actually have a home girl here
who wears color contacts and she just I
have to and they both are resolved that
they know it's a little ghetto they
don't care it's what they do they're not
ghetto and you not fit into like buck
with them about it and I just kind of
have to accept that this is how dumb it
is for someone to tell me that I'm
saying fleek I should say on point like
how you decide what colloquialism I use
or point
English like in a dictionary at the
sources figure it out girl
