is juicy it is friday and it's time for
another edition of another edition of
pop star but we talked about everything
from the low bow to the high brow and
everything in between because we had to
educate ratchet smart brown girls as
long as your eyebrows on fleek we can do
this right and today today we are
grabbing a glass and sipping on some
fine Apple ritas but we keepin it classy
because the smart brown girls ain't
nobody time to make this juice last
of these itty-bitty little cans cuz i do
so well then II want stick the Apple
right on here and sips up so divine good
even rim it around a little bit pink
lady apples are the best if I'm gonna
throw ankle in here keep it real cute so
I do have to apologize to you guys
because I miss pop stars last week
because I was at the Oprah life he went
tour and I kind of upset myself on
Thursday because I mistakenly deleted my
smart brown girls interview with Ursula
Stevens my own damn fault but I was all
my fielding all in my feelings I do
still have the audio from that interview
so I am going to put the audio up on my
soundcloud a lot more people have been
asking me about the music i put in my
videos and if i have accurate playlist i
do I have a soundcloud page you can find
me anywhere on the internet I always
will be at Jule's e my soundcloud I
actually do I used to and I need to get
back on I do a sunday sounds playlist on
my blog all juicy com there's a tab you
can see on my playlist right there and I
kind of give you the background who the
artist is how i found them why i like
then the Y chose the songs I chose but
for those of you who don't know I did
work in the music industry for eight
years so I have a bit of an eclectic
taste um yeah but definitely you can
follow me on soundcloud and check LG com
for my sunday sounds playlist which
hopefully i would get back to doing this
sudden actually the playlist I've been
meaning to post for a while I just
sundays come and I have a social life
again cuz I'm a Houston I always forget
it's like I really have to have a work
social life
and here which is new because I haven't
had to deal with that for like I don't
know maybe two years last week I did so
we are two weeks behind on scandal and
how to get oil murder and I gotta be
honest with you I'm just like scandal
the loss meager like I can't even keep
up last week when I was already in my
feelings about the whole video thing I
have forgot that tom was one kill Jerry
Tom and Jerry and yeah I'm visit sweet
like my amusement at finding out that
time was a cold-blooded killer and
people proceeded to drag me because
y'all be take his scandal real-world
personal or overall serious and I wasn't
to the delete the tweet cuz I was like
 I am really remember like I
remember but people kept dragging me and
I was clapping bad cuz i was in a bad
mood so i had to like she's like I'm a
deleted and I was a little bit um but
schedule in general I just I mean
clearly I have a really kept up since
last season I just don't be knowing any
more like I'm love forever still be team
melli I really want her to get it
together this point and I'm just
confused like so Papa Pope put Jake on
to fall in love with Olivia to get her
away from the president from Fitz so did
what part did Olivia's mother having all
this like how much of my suspension of
disbelief and it's roundabout like it's
a storyline even still congruent anymore
like I thought they the whole Cyrus's
husband James being killed and Jerry
Harrison always connected to Olivia's
mother but we know that Rowan Papa Pope
has Olivia's mother back at the b613
base so I'm like when is this gonna come
full circle start to make sense again
because i am just five ways to not like
confused and I just don't get it and I
feel like you were trying to intelligent
elegance but my willing suspension of
disbelief because in order to enjoy
fiction you have to have a willing
suspension of disbelief that is a
literary tire and I think you've done
jumped the shark on that shot and
let God
right and then how do you know what
murder I mean I really really really
really really really really really
really really really really really
really really does take with you I
really want a life how to get away with
murder but again oh I'll be now in Ike I
think that's why and end all other recap
seems like the first episode because
it's the between the flashbacks at who's
sleeping with who and who get who fired
and who having a relation it's just a
whole lot of sexing and a whole whole
lot of captain save a hoe and going on
right now and I gave a murder and so I
think I'm just gonna wait until the
season ends because I'll be gets in it
but when I do get is blackish I love
love love love I am full unfair a black
is just left episode about spanking was
Huck there yes and I love me I love me I
love me marks a more and that's a little
girl from place Diane Johnson I am here
for all of her and a little boy that
plays Jack is I his name is Jack and
Diane jack um he's a breakdancer in real
life i feels like this is what does it
for money but I la he's a little bit bit
about that break this i'm waiting for
them to like plant into the script but
I'm blackish I am here for all of it
love it and the music on it is
awesomesauce amazeballs cheers to them
and they may able to follow a storyline
aside from that I just I don't even have
cable so when I do you know illegally
watch TV I am watching the voice I have
just been turned into a complete
suburban housewife I get my bottle of
cab or my bottle of Pinot Grigio and I
am teen Taylor all the way I love me at
one point one of the time girl Taylor is
fitting to win the boys I do like
Menelik even though he dropped the e and
so he misspelled his name it's okay boy
we know Menelik is the son of solomon
it's alright it's alright boo boo but i
do enjoy Menelik and all his Ethiopian
asst singing his little rastafara heart
out I only know who brought the far I
but he loved him some reggae so you know
I'm just making all sorts of misguided
associations here surprisingly i'm a
craig david fan because country music
sales boo boo i don't know if you know
but if i could redo my whole entire
music career all over again mama ha
we'll be right
up in the Nashville and Country Music
Publishing cuz I don't write none of
their own songs all i had money clink
clink clanking you'll make a comfort why
people love country music and they spend
dollars I'm here for the white boys with
guitars on the boys and i love it and i
think i might actually try to commit to
being home at seven-thirty or seven
o'clock central time it's still
ridiculous I'd like because we're hour
behind in central time that I have to be
home like an hour earlier to watch
programming and I am single and trying
to mingle girls so that's happy hour
time and I'm trying to be home watching
voice imma try to do better because I
would like you to kind of enjoying in at
my fangirl moments with Taylor I loved
when Menelik and other kids saying Troy
Troy's one who actually went captain's
mentally gonna get stolen maneater they
did maneater by hall oates I love haulin
oats I've been to a halt note concert
hall MOS is the and I love love
love I don't even know song that Taylor
and jordy did but it sounded like some
nerdy white boys and I was here for
all of it I loved it lovin oh I am
watching boardwalk empire which series
finale is on Sunday I think I'm kind of
lost interest in a lot of the proper
gaming I usually watch but chalky white
was killed off already last season was
epic because they had a daughter Matlin
whose character i really liked or
laughing so I sort of look like
whatevers but I am interested in seeing
how they wrap up this entire show
because it is strongly based on real
life and it does follow a lot of story
lines of what has what happened during
Prohibition with the kind of rise of the
Moxie is specifically in Atlantic City
area and Nucky Thompson is based off a
real light real life character who did
live to be 85 so it will be interesting
with the progression that they're going
with it they actually do kill off the
Nucky Thompson character but sunday
night i will be tuned in with the rest
of you at nine p.m. central time uh
Renee Zellweger no longer looks like
Renee Zellweger and somehow I missed all
the white women feminists kind of rising
up against her crizzle on the read and
awesomely love niall
lovie com have already covered that
topic you should go read and listen to
their opinions on it because I don't
even really know that people was like I
thought we would stall looking at the
pictures like huh like I don't really
know what happened like I don't I don't
I don't I don't get it there's quite a
few articles that i do have booked mark
from this week that i'm going to get to
reading tomorrow while i'm on the beach
Shh the article by jason i believe is
less a Miss proud of them on gawker com
about the new black I will link that
down below I don't have an opinion on it
yet this might bring me to actually
doing a video even though when I start
talking about race y'all get real hot
and bothered but you know y'all be
asking so maybe I just might I'm rich
Jews wack Jews wack Jews the wink rich
Jews cuz that's something on Twitter hey
baby bag he did an article ball Annie
Lennox doing a cover strange fruit which
is just entirely inappropriate I mean is
every inappropriately strange fruit
really was written by two white men but
it is about racism in black America I me
I'll not have to read it and you like
get mine might wrap my head head around
it because it was written by two Jewish
guys it is about lynchings in Southern
America it really was made popular by
billie holiday in the later Nina Simone
out oh I gotta be the road a couple
friend opinion on it and what else do I
have bookmarked I think article by
Jamelle Bouie about something about
black people because I like was
writing he writes force wait it was a
great writer I myself wrote an article
for clutch magazine about Lisa price of
carol's daughter and the l'oreal by
which a lot of you seem to be upset
about I have really very little opinion
about this because they never sent me a
you're appreciated card so whatever to
carol's daughter but you know who not to
be petty I think it's great for her like
it's business I don't know why it's
black people we are indebted to always
being independent owners of our company
it's like is everybody it fell out white
people don't have this berry and they
could go sell some half-baked ish for a
couple mil and we all think in a nest
day after hottest up and it is much
whatever we go sell some
if that's really all the way baked and
people oh you don't go solo to the black
community your brothers are gonna go
down I mean it's access and lore'l has a
really really really really big research
initiative actually my home girl who are
interviewed for beyond the Valencia
filter sooner who's excited that johnson
Johnson has long wanted to go work at
l'oréal because they do a lot of
research work in the cosmetics industry
specifically with regards to people of
color and ethnic hair care so don't
sleep can we allow it to bake a little
bit more before we start bucking up and
having all these negative opinions about
what Lori all buying Carol's Daughter
really means for Carol's Daughter
because they still have creative control
of the company she's still sitting on
the board for you should still doing
their marketing which is a black owned
company so you know just wait in summer
day on which will be morrow two clutch
clutch calm I will clutch mag calm I
have the link down below dear white
people came out today nationwide if you
are in any city you need to go see dear
white people don't believe the BS lies
about it being blocked or band anywhere
it's not banned anywhere in America
fandango.com will reveal all truth to
you in movie time so go get you a ticket
and go watch soon as I upload this video
I will be headed towards Edward Markey
theater and Houston I announced a meet
and greet on facebook twitter and
instagram it's kind of hard if you not
follow me on these social media accounts
to let you know what's going on but I've
been telling people and hopefully people
will show up I'm sure maybe five or six
well whatever I just wanna go see the
movie I'm gonna go see the movie it's
gonna be good and I think everyone
should go support dear white people I
interviewed Lena wait who was the
creative producer for dear white people
and you could check out that live Q&A
which is awesomesauce amazeballs rapidly
be down below ebolas the Ebola has
finally made it to New York and I really
really really it was going to happen
eventually it's from one of the doctors
who was in Doctors Without Borders I
believe he came back from a mission trip
from West Africa and I have not spoken
about Ebola much because honestly
I just want to see how it's going to
spin out and it really it's kind of hard
to talk about Ebola in the context that
it needs to be caught talked about
because I'm really not concerned about
Ebola in America Billy is the caregivers
disease that is largely how its spread
is spread by people who are taking care
of those who are impacted with Ebola
whether this is medical professionals or
family members and so I'm not so
concerned about Ebola within the context
or landscape of America because we do
have infrastructures to take care and
cure the disease largely because most
people in America who are contracting it
our healthcare professionals and so
their jobs and their insurance will fly
them out to the area to the hospitals
that have the proper wings to take care
of it with the CDC being in Atlanta the
NIH being in Maryland I actually used to
work for NIH they got it they find a few
hospitals in New York might kind of have
the care but I do hope they send the New
York guy either to Atlanta or to
Maryland for the proper care that's
largely why the Liberian Thomas Eric
Duncan did pass away because Texas Texas
hospitals wasn't ready for him like
bottom line the CDC lie it's really
unfortunate I think Ebola in the context
of America does highlight one thing
which is young to get out and vote and I
don't like I don't know if y'all realize
but I think it's a great example that we
were able to elect a black president and
that our votes mattered are as a people
of color in America who typically do not
go out to vote but then we went and
voted for the president what we didn't
get out for a gue banario our local or
county or a city elections and it's just
unfair to put a president in office and
with our own lack of understanding of
how the government really works not
understand that we also need to elect a
Senate and a house that will support the
president it's been very hard for Obama
and these past going on seven years to
get anything done because wipeout really
just don't like them batting line and we
didn't come out for the Goulburn ariel
and senate elections and there's a bunch
of governors
set a a bunch of house representatives
who called the Tea Party in other
conservatives who were downright is out
to make Obama's presidency difficult
case in point with the fact that there
is currently no surgeon general because
obama nominated a surgeon general and i
forget the guy's name but he's been
nominated for almost a year and because
he believes that gun control is a public
health policy the right wing has
entirely blocked him from being able to
push through with his ition for Surgeon
General so to get him confirmed and
seated as Surgeon General typically with
something like Ebola in America
something with a lay person who's not a
citizen eyes and Thomas Eric Duncan
being in the country with the highly
infectious disease the Surgeon General
would overlook that that's not some of
the CDC does and so they in turn and I'm
not trying to excuse their missteps but
I do think this is a big example of how
our lack of activism within continuing
to vote be honest the presidency will
impact things like this it just matters
and so I think with the elections coming
up especially in the south I can't
stress to you how much I really really
really am over the ACA the Affordable
Care Act otherwise known as Obamacare in
a state that not that did not opt-in to
Medicaid expansion I am one of those
people whose middle income and therefore
makes too much money to be on Medicare
but I don't make enough to pay for
actual insurance and so when I was
living in DC I had great medical
insurance i was paying out of pocket for
it and I basically lost my insurance
when I'm to Texas I just don't I'm not
kind of medical insurance for the next
year and because they did not opt Texas
as a Republican state and just out of
the spite of being a republican state
they did not opt into the expansion the
federal expansion program a lot of
people in this state are not going to be
able to have insurance and that's across
the board in the south and the South has
someone be poor some of the largest
act and poor communities
disproportionately located in the south
and every single southern state opted
out of Medicaid expansion I mean I've
been very cautious about talking about
it because I think that Ebola really
kind of highlights the need for a
medical medical infrastructure in these
countries in West Africa and even though
Nigeria is cured there's no more cases
currently of Ebola in Nigeria I think
across the board they're just really
isn't any country in West Africa that
has a viable medical care system and
that's why Liberia and Sierra Leone are
getting hit so hard I do find it
interesting that the two hardest-hit
countries are products of America or if
you really want to call a spade a spade
african-american attempts at
colonization um and they've been hit the
hardest but they I know there's kind of
some contention about the West coming in
to support and it's very polarizing
whether the West should go in and
support or whether the West knee still
allow these countries are doing on their
own or whatever but I do feel like as
Americans because of our history in
Sierra Leone and Liberia we do owe them
some support in this um epidemic and I
specifically think the black community
if you have never looked up the history
of Liberia or Sierra Leone and why their
capitals in Monrovia and Freetown you
should understand our impact in those
countries we are obligated to offer some
sort of support now the question is is a
support once it I don't know I can't
answer that for you but I think more
than just throwing money at them I do
think there should be some while we're
over here bickering about universal
healthcare they see the hospitals in the
first place they don't have the
infrastructure to take care of this and
I think Ebola has definitely made that
very very visible I'll let your own
opinion and go from there but you know
I'm just trying to spread the wealth and
the knowledge outside of that girl I
don't be watching other hip hop song we
know we're going on a dish um
I don't even know there's any role in
their music out this week I've just
realized that I don't I don't get
Ritchie homie quan are young thug I even
if they gay or not no matter to me I
just don't understand what they be
talking about in the song so I won't be
getting it if you want to wear last
weekend and it was awesomesauce
amazeballs I will have a recap on that
next week if you didn't know Thursday is
my smart brown girl days so if i post
the video on thursday more times than
not it would be a smart brown girl video
that's a most important day for you to
watch I am something to put up videos
almost daily so catch up girl you need
to get dedicate a day to Josie and the
smart brown girl movement and get y'all
glass of whatever and sip along while
you watch me and Kiki girl kiki it up
what issues have you noticed this week
whether some top it's gonna burn up
interested to you as always you can
tweet me I prefer if you sweets me I
leave a comment down below and let me
know what's going once alright if I
forgot something just comment let's have
a dialogue of type of discussions let's
have a Kiki I'm off cedar white people
cling cling cling cling cling cling
Creek cheer bye guys
solo albums anna bleers appulo sexy
