hey guys it's Julie and it's the cagey
lifestyle today we're gonna have a
discussion an awesome discussion I'm so
excited about iein tips well we just
have a discussion I don't know this made
me tip so much well they'll be tips in
it on how to stay positive because I
need help since we've had um different
personalities to kind of have a
discussion with someone who is on the
other side of the spectrum this is gonna
be funny cuz I already tell you these
things
oh okay so he's gonna put it on the
camera yeah that was fine we're putting
it on camera uh hi guys we're on camera
okay well yes I want to give some
background Oh
my problem is that I'm out of points
where because my brand is getting bigger
and having to combat with like just a
different level of negativity that I'm
used to dealing with in that so I did a
video on my pennies are living in DC the
video was fine even people that didn't
agree with it because it was towards my
audience and my audience gets me
understands Who I am I was fine and I
follow up blog post to it because I said
I was gonna do it in the video and it
went viral on Facebook and I have been
called or all sorts of things out my
name I am a miserable woman who is just
like it just went someplace it shouldn't
find me everywhere she lives just don't
like what people despise my character
she's a little sensitive I want artists
announcers about my yeah oh and
then I think I'm at a point where I have
to move beyond that no you can still own
it it's just your reaction I'd love to
have a reaction aren't you into it
you're absolutely allowed to have it
yeah I don't think I'm ever gonna change
the fact that I don't with it if
that's not very not gonna be the case
it's just really kind of owning the fact
that I'm above it and I just shouldn't
be paying attention to it in the first
place well there's certain things you
shouldn't say you know pay attention
this is this is how to stay positive
right as a sensitive person I'm not as a
sensitive person
I'm justify my version I wouldn't have
to argue I'd have to argue that you're a
bit sensitive because it's the personal
stuff that bothers you it's not the
stuff that you know whatever
somebody's opinion is it's the personal
stuff trying to tell you
so she from you know why wouldn't you be
my personal stuff if you're not
sensitive you know everybody to a level
I know a nice thing I'm not owning that
statement you don't have to but in my
opinion you know when you care so much
about the personal things that are
people that people are saying about
whether it's your opinion about the way
you look about what you've done with
yourself or what you're wearing that
reflects and it's not what I'm what what
it's not what people say about my how I
look that's so that's so like tangible
right
it's what bothers me is when people
misuse my words that's what gets under
my skin and that's the byproduct of
being a blogger or a YouTube personality
or anything in the public that is going
to reach different I am an area so I
have all kind of problem people
misunderstanding me
and that's okay why are you gonna have
so much I repeat myself like why don't
you get it because I'm trying to
communicate it to people well if you
want to remain positive you have to work
on the reaction so understand that you
aren't you know that you're not under
attack it's not you and I watch a lot of
own if you guys follow me you guys know
I watched a lot of own Oprah Winfrey
Network and she talks a lot about what
Maya Angelou has told her and that is
that you're not in it you know when
Oprah was dealing with all the tabloids
and the weight loss or the weight gain
and all of that she was like you know
she called Maya and she was crying on
the phone and I had to tell her that
that's not you you have to remove
yourself from that so although people
don't understand what your opinion is
it's okay
it's okay because that is not what your
opinion was or it's not who you are who
people are saying you are so like you
say a lot of people think you're you
know a negative person or thinks you
hate life or whatever it is that people
say that you know that's not you so it's
okay
move forward keep doing what you're
doing because clearly it's working
the number is clear why
and as I think my tips for staying
positive because there are times in my
life when I am positive I believe her
I'm just giggling yes I do I know that
looks weird but I do I'm like you know
there are things that I'm positive about
I'm positive about my family I know I
know I've a polarizing personality
because I state my opinions and I state
my feelings without really being
concerned about someone disapproving
until they did until they do I don't
even it doesn't bother people disapprove
I don't have what these people
disagreeing with me I have a problem
people try to take down my character
while disapproving with me so because
when I originally put Wesley yeah when
they slander me even if why are always
at the club that's why you hate your
life I'm not I'm not saying that if it's
not true or not that's irrelevant the
fact is they have they should have the
freedom to express their opinion
affecting you I think they'd rather with
my star opinion without trying to take
me down they're gonna express their
opinion period about you do and
everybody and but I'm still trying to
acknowledge what the problem is it's not
I want to be very clear that I do not
have a problem people disagree with me I
don't have an issue and I bet hasn't
always been true so I will acknowledge
that I used to have HP maybe I don't
have an issue of people disagreeing with
me I really don't but I just think
there's I expect a certain level of
conversation and when it gets really low
brow I really just I mean audience
ratings are the line you know whatever
I'm not trying to justify it because I
realize I have to get to a point where I
have to move beyond exactly - I got you
I'm trying to clarify where I currently
stand on watching a big knowledge where
you are in good I don't want to watch it
and feel like oh well you you don't know
how to love you disagree with you in the
first place because I had heard that and
I think there was a point in time where
that was true I don't feel like that's
currently true anymore okay and so you
know I I feel like this whole YouTube
thing is the evolution process it's just
you definitely learn about you feel we
should have said that in the YouTube
videos your prior to getting on YouTube
I could always insulate myself from
putting myself in those situations
and now I just don't have it out in the
world exactly and she has to just let it
go yeah I can't I can't control the fact
that beforehand when people will try to
people in real life don't come up to you
be like no in real life when someone
doesn't care for me they'll just keep it
moving they don't they don't give you
any energy mm-hmm but what's happened
here is because now they can hide their
identity exactly and they don't they're
behind a keyboard as all of a sudden all
these affronts start to happen
yeah so it's even more you know
necessary to know that you're not in it
and that's not you and you just let it
go because I've always been a person
who's just flat out of wood at those
circumstances and I've been very good in
avoiding I might look at an in person
and not having to deal with it because I
can just shrug it off because when you
shop we use the Sun money
yeah they don't they don't use it they
don't they won't respond if they're not
getting a reaction now if I did this if
I do this online then it's always on
this big worn-out reaction you know if
you say stay blessed online all of a
sudden this is big reaction right if I
tell you say Western person you'll be
like okay thank you
I will people who are commenting are 10
11 like you we have to know that that
they're just immature people that just
go online and spend their head yeah
literally so you just have to know like
it's just when it's a comma with it it
comes much coming right at you you know
there's certain things like I think I
don't treat it like babies like a fuse
yeah yeah it's like boo boo that's my
accent yes it went click Clank Clank
yesterday I really I think I have a much
easier time dealing with it when this
 is paying Salameh yeah when I am
like get marry me and it don't hurt
trust me I will not be on here
complaining about none of this I'll be
so above Oh promise you Charlie may
charge me a clean $1,000 a month and
won't lower my bill oh she got me on a
four and a half year payment plan you
have it hot when you just said that it
just made me so nervous but this is how
you get there when to wear Sallie Mae's
paint you leave it alone you
Wow and then become whatever is going to
become and just you keeping you it I
mean that's all you can do
do you have any tips for me for what
does stay positive I'm not always
positive I do have bad days y'all have
you watched my vlogs the time you know
yeah no I don't I don't I don't know Oh
cuz she doesn't watch my vlogs but there
are people I just found out somebody in
London watching my vlogs and she was
like girlies that time I was like ah you
know what the hell haven't ya EVP MSN
yes but like I'm really gonna give you
am I really gonna give you tips of
saying positive don't during PMS it's
time Oh cuz you don't wanna be around me
I'm a hungry monster my PMS how do you
kind of deal with negativity
specifically on the online space or
negativity that you you can't avoid some
regulation is always needed so don't be
like oh I just ignore it all no some
regulation is always mean if somebody
cussing you out you don't need that
energy well yeah I mean I think
definitely cut shop that criticism is
very much needed so I do listen to it
about this that constructive criticism
but let me know how you guys feel as
smart brown girls and boys that you rise
above and are able to move past
negativity that is unavoidable seems
unavoidable on the interwebs or in real
life or in any situation let me know
what your tips off thanks for watching
hash tag that smart brown girl and boy
t-shirts are definitely coming soon
check out the cagey lifestyle she talks
a lot about her love and she's probably
helped me pay Salome and buy my book
that is your struggle so if you want to
know more about who I am in the
background it's all in the book mmm all
the secrets
know what I mean the book is you have to
read it you'll get it thanks for
watching guys I'm excited for this
sandwich let's make me
