welcome to the great state of Texas it's
not quite an exotic location but there's
always beauty and fun to be found in
your own backyard
so to inspire brown girls to travel no
matter how small the trip Evelyn from
the Internet's and myself hopped into a
cute Kia Soul and took a road trip to
Austin to Houston to major city in South
Texas dr STI left us the cherry red Kia
Soul the test-drive yeah the chipmunk
car I was totally surprised at how nice
the interior of the car is the sunroof
opens all the way up it makes you feel
brand new if your head would spin the
green the GPS is alive and nice than
ones I've seen in luxury cars and for
those of us who suck at parallel parking
shout out for this rear-end camera all
babies
by stop with Busey bunch in downtown
Austin at tacos in tequila's with a
buffet and unlimited mimosa stay blessed
with the champagne lifestyle and drink
responsibly
hey Jules is YouTube channel it's me
Evelyn from the Internet's here to take
you to our next destination if you're
ever in need of free trade Ethiopian
coffee almond butter coconut oil head on
over to 5th and Lamar
ish Street to the flagship Whole Foods
store yes whole paycheck is an Austin
Texas
establishment now for an outfit of the
day because I Jules II always say yes be
closed and obliged to show you what I
get alright time for my OOTD the t-shirt
is DIY magical black girl but it's
coming to you soon on the Internet's and
you can put it on your own body for your
own magical black girl me sorry if
shorts are thrifted they're men short so
I made them high-waisted and I rolled up
the bottoms then I have this striped
denim shirt that I wear over everything
and these cheap little shoes in my HTML
canvas shoes and it's really that's
really my weekend uniform
romwe sweatshirt it fit it's cute I love
it and it's ever so something with the
message shoes are from just labs I will
have a link in the description box down
below and the five shades of see-through
beige legs are courtesy of the extended
East Coast winner next we headed to the
capital and here you can see Rick Perry
not doing his job you can also take a
free tour just go on the website to find
more about that you cannot visit Austin
Texas without visiting the University of
Texas at Austin it's my alma mater hook
em horns I bleed burnt worn - class of
2011 but don't ask me for donations
because I'm broken still pains that we
made the minimum I rejoined in the Civil
Rights icon and the first African
American is sit in the Texas Senate post
the reconstruction she was also the
first sister to give the keynote at the
Democratic National Convention watch out
now Reverend Delta Sigma Theta to the
fullest hey Delta Gamma and here we have
Cesar Chavez be first and so far our
only Latino statue at this predominantly
white institution he was an activist
that fought for Latino American rights
Labor's rights and farm workers rights
it tried to find the HR part that used
to be downtown but I think this might be
a slight gain justification or maybe
just capitalism cuz we were met with
some two condos so we settled for the
cupcake food truck Austin is known for
its food truck scene but unfortunately
eb z that's bad YZ wasn't familiar yet
but next trip she'll have to show you
the greatness that is austin food trucks
after she finishes drinking this a sweet
tea that is most definitely diabetes in
a cup at 27 grams of sugar and half a
bottle me and my kidneys just could not
manage if you're the type of person to
treat every day like homie and every
outfit you wear is low-key a costume
then you want to head over to Lucy in
disguise with diamonds it is a thrift
slash costume slash vintage store and
you can find every platform sequined
Tina Turner dress slash clown shoe slash
wig slash anything your heart desires it
is in this district and these shoes are
cute but girl that price ain't vintage
h-e-b might just be the Timmy cos of
grocery stores I'm just here for the
bluebells though which is the goat and
that of all food love in a cream and ice
me
so we headed over to Lily sandwich for
some authentic game that means Barney
it is a sandwich that has pickled
vegetables jalapenos meat or tofu if you
want cilantro red chili paste and it's
just crunchy spicy tangy delicious
it's everything then I made us some KPD
Gnaeus with picasa from brazil shout out
to saman for sending it to me and it's a
nice way to wash down this bond me we're
gonna show Evelyn we're gonna show
Evelyn how to flexi ride my wig by the
way it's Oh God it's ten o'clock it's
like 10:30 we're about to drive from
Austin to Houston and it's so I'm gonna
flicks around a wig well Josie you dry
it and we'll see you probably tomorrow
it's a big chunk of hair cuz we're doing
like Beyonce and blow look here and need
to take your comb you're just gonna comb
it out and just smooth it out I'm
getting some Shetty Shetty that's gonna
happen you take your flexi rod like this
and you're just gonna pull the hair taut
wrap the edge around up a little bit
wrap the ends around and we're not even
trying to do like a real flexi ride you
could twirl it like this but this is a
little bit more work than you this is
this is the toy you want to do if you
curl your own hair this is the wig so
right we're just gonna roll it like this
make sure it's rolled all the way to the
root and then bend it over and wallah
flexi ride so Jesus I Drive it
everyone's gonna flex you ride my wing
for me this the we're going to church
and turn that function alternate
function
Church so wish me luck but she doesn't
roll into Church will turn that function
looking at I believe in you I have faith
in your flexi rod power the only loves
is then it's only right that we drop
that Beyonce in the background I meet us
all those grand historical value Houston
brings the legacy as african-americans
from founding of the Western State Civil
Rights and to just culture at large
beyonce is deaf subway at the top of
that list
for tonight
this is the land of megachurches so we
packed our morning visiting some of
these grand old castle of devotion of
baby Jesus first stop the biggest one of
them all so Allah seized at Lakewood
Church it is most definitely huge so
huge it's in a stadium Joel is one
charming brother ain't even have to read
the bible scripture during the service
to get y'all coming amen i get to know
everyone reps four wheeler baptist but
Beyonce's church rings a bit higher for
me and so we stopped at st. John's
United Methodist Church to catch pastor
Rudy read my favorite bible scripture
Galatians 5:22 I love them boots y'all
be blessed so it's up to 88 of the wards
is that the Houston why you're saying
the hood Beyonce's last album rap hard
for the Third Ward and this should ash
treat as a title salon just second album
so hey now Heather Street now this is on
all of you that suggested Evelyn and I
stopped at Timmy Chan's I was expecting
some others rightfully really rolled up
to a glorified Chinese restaurant it
hits you right in here
it's good because divided in three
parted three cups the
with water and it's still sugary cool
we're not allowed to drink Willy like
that growing up and now I don't know why
I like my life that's like the gau-8
diabetes in a cup can you open it she
does not have blood sugar and it's sugar
water I like my kidney obviously I've
never had a fried boudin irregardless
everything
mmm stable and steady bladders highly
flavored recommendation we got was
forefront cheese which happened to be
right next door to wheeler Baptist we
went in to use the patties but had
missed the last service and so we went
to French cheese to grab some good food
but it was just too ha ha and then
entirely killed the bulk of my appetite
fried booze was just not for my spirits
ah what is any major city we've done it
- your justification is cute and quaint
museum district that sits oddly close
the Third Ward play
I promise that this is the last output
of the day's Shuster all these free
clothes girl but I love this shirt
though and I got a little booty hey now
this Kia Soul has
if you some people like to show out for
Sunday Funday and I am way too chill and
they were just doing the most but I'm
glad we finally found a place I was
relaxing you could grab a tree could
just and the rest of our Sunday in
Houston any peace
the partition please
