hey guys it's Jules e head smart brown
girl in charge we are here for a quick
video usually I do a little bit more
research a little more planning for my
videos if this one I want to do off the
top off the dome swing it with my girl
in the background
she's from Cuba I'm from America how're
y'all doin if you're new here be sure to
hit that subscribe button and of course
subscribe because we are here for a
critical thought and dialogue it's
always a good time a good key a good
discussion so come join us my brown girl
party whether you're a girl whether
you're brown or not I tell you to
comment along as the video progresses
because engagement matters we're trying
to do better mmm but let's get to this
topic cuz some of y'all has done a title
like okay what's this chocolate to say
let's get to it
slavery obviously is not a choice boy so
then breaking down that idiotic Kanye
statement I really wanted to come and
kind of rip off top to explain some
basic history about slavery in America
so Kraig West recently did an interview
with John Carr Monica trying to
backpedal and clarify the savories of
choice statement he made a TMZ act was
at the beginning of June the shade room
posted about said New York Times article
and said statements trying to clarify
say previous statements and the comments
on sex the shade room post I mean first
of all don't we dogs go to the comments
in the shake room that's always here for
work I was horrified at some of the
statements people were making trying to
assert their knowledge about the
transatlantic slave trade and I was I
know where do you get this information
from plank where on God's green earth to
this idea that slavery only lasted for
200 or 250 years come from 200 years I
do not believe that anybody is dumb I
believe we all have intelligence within
ourselves it just simply has to be
pulled out them is an effort with that
said I also understand for the most part
in the public education system really
anywhere in the world you don't really
learn about the nuances of American
slavery the most I learned was that and
I took AP US history we kind of got a
little bit more into it but it was
really just kind of framed as slavery
being a necessary evil the most
unfortunate part is that black folks
really don't get a chance to learn about
the history of their people in what
slavery really was the systems of
structures the culture that comes from
that unless they take an American
history class in college or grad school
and if you're not from the state
know how when our aware you would ever
really learn about this so here I am to
just give you a few basic facts so I
thought was saying earlier where did you
get this idea that slavery in America
lasted 200 250 years and on the same
room I was really surprised to see
someone saying slavery was only 200
years so Kanye was saying that shower
slaves by choice for the other 200 years
first of all if you want to see Kanye
and musical genius sure but stop trying
to extrapolate veggies and place it on
the historical genius because he is
definitely not he got a guided tour the
National Museum of african-american
history and culture that is the black
Smithsonian that's on the mall his
mother was a professor he has direct
access to all the people but first of
all was was even black let's get back to
something what did the comments it was
like seeing Jess hilarious say thank you
to someone who said slavery was 200
years job so when I say slavery what I'm
referring to is a transatlantic slave
trade which is where Western empires
came to the coast of West Africa and
took kidnapped African slaves from West
African countries and brought them over
to Europe and the Americas that would be
North Central South and the Caribbean
now one of the other things to
understand about the transatlantic slave
trade is that slaves were moved around
as countries and colonies expanded in
certain countries abolished slavery
enslaved people were moved around as
industries changed as capitalism going
capitalized and some plantation owners
were trying to franchise and expand
their businesses what they do they took
their enslaved people with them to other
places when we talk about slavery in
America we are talking about this huge
apparatus that was in line with other
major imperialistic powers from Europe
and so the transatlantic slave trade has
been going on since the late 15th
century that would be the late 1400s
like we're in the 21st century and it's
2018 15th century would actually equal
the 1400s and the late 1400s is when the
transatlantic slave trade began is not
really a period that again you would
learn about in public school system
because then you would have to address
the erasure of Native Americans
so it's largely skimmed over unless you
get you a book like this here's a grad
school history book out of many
history of the American people it pretty
thoroughly covers the Native Americans
what the americas looked like how
slavery came into play who was doing it
what now I think what people are saying
when they say well slavery has only been
around in America for two hundred twenty
fifty years I think what they're moreso
referring to it's like this economic
boom that happens to the United States
where major plantations became a thing
now before I bore you this idea that
African American enslaved people did not
revolt or that they were making some
choice to be enslaved just such malarkey
because there were plenty of revolts
happening people ran away
who was Harriet Tubman yes I know she
made a comment about she could have
freed a whole bunch more but look if you
ever get into Liberation Theology which
I tend to throw in two different
conversations here and there right the
basic principle of Liberation Theology
is that in order for an oppressed people
to survive they do have to absorb some
part of the oppressor that means that
all of us watching this video no matter
how high a mighty we think we are have
absorbed some faction all the oppressor
we have absorbed some frame of white
supremacy that colors our lens that give
us a bias towards other people Wow I
really took my fire alarm down didn't
put it back up well yeah that's what I'm
trying to say we all have absorbed some
level of the oppressor in order to
survive as an oppressed community now in
order to liberate say community you
don't tell them that they've been
enslaved by choice that's not a choice
you make it is literally an instinct of
survival we tend to think of slavery has
a very minut small piece of American
history as major plantations became a
thing in southern United States it
wasn't that there was one plantation
owner and a bunch of black people who
were being treated like cattle that were
lazy or lethargic or just moping around
the plantation like yes the mess time
would do whatever you want much like you
go to a corporate job and you have a CEO
who makes a ton of money and you
probably getting paid less you deserve
you have not revolts it you have not ran
up on nobody like you Dame - and
pressing for y'all own dev own money
because there's a system there's a
structure in place there's a charm
there's managers there's Supervisors
there's VP there's executives there's
sea
sweet okay so dues might not have had no
computers no Excel spreadsheets they
might not have had payroll they might
not even had IRS and a maverick they
didn't have IRS our regular taxes Harris
okay they still had a system in
structure slavery was not like a handful
of white men just doing whatever they
wanted to do it was an entire legal
system a structure that employed other
white people and any time a black person
got free they were usually employed back
on the plantation as well to keep all
these people in check slavery really
built the foundation of this country
white folks are able to pass down
generational wealth to their families
and black folks because we weren't even
seen as human were stifled with
understanding that slavery in America
happened for over 400 years and being
with the Emancipation Proclamation in
1863 and probably just had Juneteenth
like two three weeks ago
Juneteenth it's a celebration of June
19th 1867 supposedly the last slaves
were freed in Galveston Texas I don't
even know that's all the way true
because if any of y'all put together
your family history your family tree
you'll quickly realize that a lot of
y'all family was probably in some way
shape or form so disenfranchised through
labor that they technically still were
slaves until around post-world War two
which would put us at the late 1940s now
even if you want to contend that slavery
ended a little over a hundred fifty
years ago after slavery we had a brief
period of reconstruction she's where the
federal government and we know how well
they do their job as social services
with computers so imagine what they were
doing in 1867
well tried to reform the lives of
formerly enslaved black folks and give
them some sort of small piece of a taste
of what potential equity could be that
Eric quickly came to an end in 1877
thanks to well white supremacy is gonna
white supremacist buddy wonder where
racism gonna be racist capitalism well
capitalized it's bill in the back its
leg red hypothesis went back today
always and then we enter into what's
considered the darkest period of racial
tensions for african-americans in
America called I say it in idea I think
its nadir this is where you see the
great migration happening of black folks
fleeing the South to flee the violence
and lynching and burning of their
communities which is why it's so weird
we people mentioned the Oklahoma wall
street like yes
the community that was flourishing that
was doing well for itself that was burnt
down now if black folks are the center
of generational wealth that white people
have access don't you think they would
have rebuilt the black Wall Street
somewhere else so black folks have been
facing terrorism in the white man since
the 15th century so this suggests that
slavery is a choice
to suggest that black folks have sat in
a slave mentality since slavery I take
it very offensive with folks like Candis
Owens try to posit decisions that black
folks make based off of survival as
still being on the plantation since you
all know enough about the plantation you
don't actually know the history of your
people to make such an equation and it's
just straight offensive I personally do
not have any shame of being a descendant
of enslaved Africans I personally would
recommend anyone to definitely visit the
black Smithsonian the National Museum of
african-american history and culture in
DC but I really think you just have to
understand the resilience the strengths
that your ancestor had to survival this
country the ingenuity they had in
crafting such a distinct beautiful and
colorful and flavorful culture you have
a culture since african-american is in
fact the culture okay be proud I got a
whole video talk about the blesses being
african-american and please do not
assert misinformation in order to
misplace genius status on somebody who
doesn't deserve it if there's maybe
something specific that I mention here
that I could talk about more in another
video that you're interested in let me
know in the comments down below if
there's something you just learned from
this video let me know in the comments
down below always support smart town
girl I'm gonna have some new
african-american as a culture shirts
very soon watch out for
