hey guys it's Rudy sorry I don't have a
pretty background I'm packing my stuff
up because I am in the process of moving
across the country gosh this is no
record it since so many of you have been
requesting and goading and facebooking
and instagramming and tweeting me about
this whole episode of Carly Nicki calm
trolling an article about the white girl
and her natural hair and what my opinion
on the matter is as if you couldn't
already tell I am finally going to
address it two weeks after the fact I
know I am late to the part to this the
party don't start I walk the door so
well here Josie is I guess it's only
appropriate to drink tea since when
curly Nicki did her response she brought
Kermit the Frog into wit sipping on his
Lipton tea but I'm bougie and I drink to
you vana but y'all need to let Kermit
the Frog go back to teaching the little
kids the alphabet leave Kermit out of
this I don't believe that Jim Henson
would approve okay you know before we
even get to my opinion I think because
y'all know I talk a little fast I'm a
little educated ratchet um you should
definitely check out India of natural
hair sisters is it my natural yeah that
I've subscribed but I just never
remember if it's my natural sisters or
natural hair sisters she did a video
about it and I think she has very good
decorum when she speaks so check her out
also I think very astute in her response
was Kimberly Foster of for Harriet's
comm she did a video that kind of talks
about it and she has that Ivy League
degree and she flexed it all up in that
video I think they are both worth
watching before we get into my stream
consciousness here okay so to address
what the issue has turned into I don't
believe this is the actual issue with
the article about whether or not white
women have the right to be included in
the natural hair community I feel like
people are being very surface level with
this article but let's address that
first I have no problem with white women
who want to join in to the natural hair
community but
what type in that before you get all up
in arms here you can join as a supporter
I'm never going to say that white women
cannot be a part of the natural hair
movement because there are white women
who are mothers of black children or
mixed ethnicity children who would be
included in that natural hair spectrum
of what it was originally started I am a
big fan repeatedly over ad nauseam of
chocolate hair vanilla care were Rory a
white woman who has not only a black
child but a black child with highly
textured kinky hair and she'd be slaying
all the hopes and dreams of like 90% of
black mothers out here because she'd be
putting it down on booze hair like old
like down down down and so I'm just not
gonna come on here and be like white
women can't be a part of the natural
community I did a panel at International
hair meetup day a couple months ago and
the question was posed the panel about a
woman having quite a few white friends
who use information from the natural
hair community like they use our similar
products as us and they would love to
come the natural events to get more
access and information because they
utilize that information for their curly
hair but they don't feel comfortable and
my response was they have every right to
come to the event but don't expect
anybody to go either way to make them
feel included as a black woman it's just
we spend so much of our lives
combating negative stereotypes and being
the only one in the room and being
uncomfortable at some point in time when
we enter into the room that for them
felt like once in their life feel like
oh I'm the like minority here right now
this is a new feeling garden just get
over it and just come on and get you
some conditioner it's really not that
serious like facts only the natural hair
community was not started for white
women it was started because black women
were having an issue lighting
information on how to care for the hair
and finding acceptance for them wearing
their natural hair texture now the
quadtree kind of come
and because what is a black woman that
is a very diverse spectrum and I feel
like that's why there's such a schism in
this discussion highs you kind of get
into this gray area right we have the
core there are those of us who sit
firmly in as identifiable as black women
there are some of us that kind of move
into the gray area of the afro like Gina
you know the light-skinned and wavy the
mixed ethnicity that kind of sick more
out in the gray and so it's like well if
you're going to accept a I believe hey
Fran is minikin I might be wrong but if
you're going to accept a hey Fran hey as
part of the natural hair community why
wouldn't you accept a sun-kissed Alba
right but I don't have time it's not a
battle that I'm trying to fight I don't
have time to go around patrolling who
feels like - how much someone has
identify as black in order to be a part
of the natural hair community
technically if your skin has a head of
melanin and your hair has a hint of
waver curl you are included there are
people that have kinkier textures of
hair than someone like quite a few of
the popular natural hair gurus out here
because like it's silky and y'all like
it wavy and there's people that have
kinkier textures in that why can't they
then be included in this community even
if they firmly identify more with the
other ethnicities that they representing
I say you know what as long as we can
represent the full spectrum and that has
always been my issue that has always
been my issue even with the tech
discrimination video it was it's not
that we can't represent looser hair
textures or these people that kind of
sit on the fringe of the natural hair
community I just don't want to only sit
on the fringe of the natural hair
community we need to represent the full
spectrum but that's why it gets very
hard to say that the natural community
is only for black women because black
women is such a diverse spectrum of
people and then the natural community in
the more recent years has sat so firmly
on the fringe that how you want to turn
around and then just say cuz her skin is
a drop too pale that she can't be a part
of community
okay all right so that's that however I
do still feel like the natural community
was created for the tech highly textured
black women and it's just moved into the
represent where the diversity of black
women and there's no problem with but
when it comes to a woman who is
distinctly white the issue that I have
with the curly Nicki article is not that
she featured a white woman and while I
want to shutter this panicky calm curly
Nicky the person don't even really be
right in that many curly Nicky post
anymore
facts facts only here I don't know that
the website is owned by naturally curly
but it is part of their textured media
ad network and naturally curly funnels a
lot of the content on sue curly Nicki
dot-com so I don't know that the onus
for this article is on curly Nicki it
really might have just been somebody in
the natural curly office and that I
don't particularly feel like the onus is
on water lily Sarah except for she want
to take some owners for the BSS tweets
she was sending out when people started
clapping at her and she like can't even
clap on beat back out another folks who
was just a struggle girl why would you
frame it as if she has the right to tell
black women how to accept their natural
hair it's the same issue that I take
with the baby hair Brigade trying to
tell us in there nine response response
videos looking about you just need to
accept your hair you shouldn't be
concerned that your head actions at
represent it you'd find come on girl you
don't walk in my shoes you don't have
any reference for what I've been through
and what my struggles are you can't just
flat-out dismiss without trying to
understand where they come from and in
that way help them to get over their
hump and with regards to Sarah pre the
tweets just her being featured on the
blog the onus really isn't on her either
because if I'm a person who has who
isn't necessarily part of the core of a
community right I'm an outlier and I'm
someone who's peeping in but I find that
the information of this community
provide
is relevant to some portion of my daily
life well hey I want to let you guys
know how much you benefited me as a
supporter and but I don't really have
any frame of reference for how you guys
go about things on a day-to-day because
I don't walk in your shoes but I think
what it does it hurts for at least let
me submit myself and let them know that
I'm even here and that I appreciate what
they're doing I'm going in this blindly
as a supporter right which to me is fine
it's fine for a white woman to come in
as a supporter of the natural hair can
movement movement I'm thinking one it's
a website ran by a black woman so I'm
thinking Carly Nicki story not opposed
we don't know whether or not she reads
oppose I'm sitting on the side that she
does not patent actually Crowley puts
them up but I just thought that's not a
fact that I can state I don't know but I
submit the art I submit myself with an
Ashley Graham feature and I'm thinking a
black woman is going to read this and a
black woman is going to take in and edit
this post and a black woman is gonna
tell me what about my article is or
isn't okay and so when I send you my
pictures and you see clearly then I'm a
white woman and you send me a list of
questions to answer I'm thinking all
right well the black woman sent it to me
so I was going to answer it as honestly
as possible so when she's answering did
you big chop or did you transition and
she says no I just took my hair out of a
bun in a French braid it's a learning
opportunity someone should have learned
her so much top higher that it's okay
for you to come in as a supporter but
you can't in your loving knowing
ignorant and but to get political here
in a second become an arrogant perceiver
or supporter of this movement and feel
like you have any rights to tell black
women how to navigate this space and so
that really comes down whoever edit that
article whether it actually was curly
Nicki or someone at naturally curly they
should have took it a minute and said
hey we can we can represent we show how
beneficial our community is to the
outside in this article that would have
been a great discussion because as
natural hair vloggers we get a lot of
flack being - pointing it at black women
and our networks and our other brands
don't know how to work with us because
their BS reason is we're not diverse
enough I'm an issue with the way the
article was positioned in the tone and
whoever said had them questions and
whoever edited down that article and
whoever hit the publish button is the
one that's at the wrong because I had no
point that they tell Sarah hey girl I'm
a this is how this is how we will talk
about you being a part of the natural
community and honestly I feel it is
quite hypocritical
of curly Nikki and her response to say
that everyone who has responded to the
video is only doing it for pageviews not
that people aren't cuz I'm only doing
this video because I know yup and to
watch click on one of them ads help me
get some points here but I feel like
that article was only posted because and
in that vein because you know it's gonna
get a ton of comments you know it's
gonna get shared because there's no it
has its discussion without sharing the
original article people going to click
the article read the article and now
you've up your google adsense coins so
who isn't trolling in a situation who
isn't taking advantage of how a
clickbait right now who's not so let's
call a spade a spade on this what really
kind of stuck out to me in this whole
situation is it's reminded me of art of
a essay by Marian Ortega be lovingly
knowingly ignorant white feminism and
white women of color so she was this
article essay back in 2006 and she's
kind of addressing as a woman of color
taking issue with the lack
representation in the feminist movement
and then having white women who think
because I read a few books and I have
one or two friends or they watched you
know some movies having them try to tell
her how to deal with the complexities of
being a woman in color the end being a
feminist in today's society because I
think this really kind of drives home
what I'm trying to say about how a white
woman can be a supportive and natural
community but at no point is she allowed
to come in and tell us how to be
with her hair she can provide
information she can uplift and further
along the movement and I think there are
white women who have done very well of
that I don't have an issue with
naturally curly being owned as by white
women because I feel like for the most
part they are very supportive and
transparent about the fact that they
started that website because they wanted
something for women with curly hair and
black women kind of jumped on have
evolved to cover the full spectrum of
textured hair including wavy - kinky but
that come to them and they developed to
fit their consumer needs and whether
some of that is capitalistic or not you
can't blame them so that's that and acne
and I mean I doubly can't blame them
because more so than other black women
naturally Crowley has been very
supportive of the kinky hair textures
they were one of the first outlets to
support me when I started doing video
specific to type 4c hair so when a lot
of my peers who look a little bit more
like me are sitting here trying to deny
the fact that to this day even my
texture discrimination video try to deny
the prevalence of textured hair but back
to marian ortega the loving perceiver
does not consume that out of the
profession perception rather than
completely simplifying that which is
perceived the loving eye is careful to
sees complexities and understand the
boundaries between the loving perceiver
and that which is perceived basically
what she is signing here and context the
white woman in the natural hair
community is that they can see the
thicket see the community they can see
the benefit to the community they can
absorb the information of the community
but when they decide to step foot in
that community they are they have to
understand the complexities that exist
and be respectful of that and even Sarah
had to acknowledge in between using the
urban dictionary definition of natural
hair because if we were in a debate and
I use the urban dictionary definition of
anything my entire intelligence would be
devalued but she we won't even go there
but basically whatever Sarah was
suffering from is one chain a great one
team
because of this one team we simplify and
bet and expect the world to be
specifically to be a specific way rather
than investigating it asking questions
to know more about it
shots Moreno take it just shutting down
 just blessing y'all with a think
piece that is of benefits you have to
read this
it is the mode of arrogant perception
whose alleged aim is to not simply to
coerce or dominate or to turn and so I'm
just going to close out with this from
Aaron Ortega this will be it is to
encapsulate my opinion on a matter
arrogant ignorant is arrogant perception
that does not make any attempt to
understand the object of perception the
perceiver wishes to make knowledge
cleanse what the out of the perception
even though such claims are not checked
or questions so with all that say I
don't have an issue with white women
entering into the space of natural hair
community as supporters and uplifters
but I do have an issue with them taking
the approach of having anything factual
to say about what we need to do and
trying to tell or try to simplify our
experience as if they can relate to it
it's offensive
bottom line although and for all the
black women that wanted to simplify the
issue as well and make it just about
white and black and inclusive or
exclusive nasaw
I take I find it very interesting that
the same women who support and are at
bat and could put our statements of
support in at water lily and let her
know how good she's doing had to
say or had negative things to say about
my video on texture discrimination hmm
I guess I can only ever support other
people with baby ears huh oh well
you say
