hey guys it's Josie and I'm going to do
a bit more of a personal video with you
today if you've noticed this title we're
gonna talk about something that I have
mentioned passingly and a few of my
other videos and I don't get a ton of
questions but I get at least like an
email or two every month asking me about
my opinion or my experience or what I
have to say about growing up in a
Jehovah's Witness household so yes both
of my parents are members of the
Jehovah's Witness we're gonna say Shen I
have not talked about this because I
think I had a great childhood growing up
and I respect the ish out of my parents
and for me it was really just a personal
decision not to get baptized and I don't
agree with certain theologies within the
religion and that's just like a personal
opinion and I'm very much so out of
respect for my parents do not want to
open the floor up to people to sparging
a religion that the bulk of my family
are members are because I love them and
so if you're talking about Kjell is when
it says you talk about my family and we
will have to meet we're gonna try and
keep this as polite and considerate as
possible because I am the of the
personal belief that religion and
spirituality are a personal experience
but I did get an email the other day and
I feel like she very kindly position
starting questions that I felt like
we're worth answering and would give you
guys a bit more of understanding of we
can we can have a respectful
conversation here
I will black you delete you tell you to
exit stage left if you come at any of
this sideways though not here for it
this is not Bible study this is not
convert anybody to your own religion
this does not talk about anybody badly
time we're just gonna talk about a
personal experience at I had that I get
quite a few questions on that is first I
think the young lady was trying to say
she was also brought up in a Jehovah's
Witness household and she wanted to know
my opinions being raised in a household
now for clarity Jehovah's Witnesses are
not to call
they are a sect of Christianity the big
difference between JW's and all the
other movies we'll talk about black
Christians which largely tend to be
either Baptist or Pentecostal is that or
seven day Adventists um is the Trinity
in that witnesses do not believe that
the Father the Son and the Holy Ghost
are all one this is the big
generalization there are a few more
nuances within their religion the big
one probably being the hundred and forty
four thousand I can't break it down to
you
revelations is my least favorite book in
the Bible I will be trying to read it
I'm not trying to be here for
revelations I can't quote none of that
stuff for you it I think the big one for
Jose when it says it's how they decipher
John 1:1 if you want if you want to
Bible quote there there go the one bible
scripture that I know what it says I
just don't want sha Gansu critical here
okay that's my loose I ain't been to the
kingdom Honda five years interpretation
so she Alexis eggs how did you feel did
you feel as though that it was the truth
or that it was something you only did
because of your parents okay so
jehovah's witnesses amongst themselves
consider they call the religion the
truth that just sounds crazy coming from
outside the box but only growing up
thought calling a religion the truth was
offensive to like the six billion people
who walk the earth and those out in the
amazon that might not have ever had any
exposure to a monotheistic religion like
so what's their truth um I will be
calling it I never ever ever referred to
that religion as the truth you know but
it's the truth for my parents it's the
truth for my sister it's the truth for
it I think they might be at like six
million members it's the truth for six
many people that walk this earth that
that is their truth and I respect that
in the context of religion at large does
seem a bit combative to refer to a
religion as the truth compared to like
every other religion for every other
body else did I only do it because my
parents one thing about Chavez witnesses
as in with any other religion it's a
very regional experience so depending on
like whether you live out in the suburbs
and you live out in a country or you
live in Brooklyn you're gonna have a
different experience so I
in suburban Delaware my mother is from
Brooklyn my dad is from like Orlando
Central Florida my father and I think
this had a lot to him being southern
it's a bit it's a lot more conservative
than my mother used to say when I was
younger I felt like had we grown up in
Brooklyn I might have gotten baptized
the witnesses
party all the time in Brooklyn that's
also because like a lot of them are West
Indian and they'd be lying me and a good
time amongst each other and I did feel
like growing up it was just kind of
unfair that you know bad association
Swedes whose four habits so we had to
hang out with other witness kids but
like it was like a big to-do about
throwing part I throw a lot of
gatherings for the children and we get a
small cup of people together it's always
unnecessary drama
right well why am I the only one always
throwing the events like why don't the
other families who have kids chip in and
like we do a communal thing and it just
wasn't happening in Delaware um but I'm
saying about to say that that's you know
that's a regional experience my mother
always told us that you do not partake
in its religion because we are forced
feeding it to you you need to take the
time to understand it for yourself and
if it's something that you feel is true
in your heart then you proceed with it
so I wasn't really pressured to take
part in certain activities because of my
parents you know I really kind of took
time to research and there was a brief
period of time where I was strongly
considering it it was like right around
ninth grade like actively going on Phil
cerebus trying to do like pioneer hours
crazy is right and then I just was like
full stop starting things just aren't
adding up for me here and so that was
just my personal experience did you make
any friends in the congregation and did
you lose any of them um so I'm just like
a difficult person I just think
differently from the general population
in general this ain't got nothing to do
with religion as an adult I still have
very few friends as a matter of fact I
was just on the phone with the close
friend yesterday telling her how I'm
like so over having friends because I
got to think about your feelings I don't
want to it's just too much it's too much
energy that I have to devote to other
people but like I want to say for myself
I had like one
friend when I was in like elementary
school that I had another friend Alexis
when I was at middle school and we were
friends till like high school and I
didn't particularly lose her because of
religion because I don't think she's
currently a witness either um but you
know I moved away for college and I just
wasn't interested in keeping in touch
with anybody from Delaware now when I do
go back home people do run up on me like
hey aren't you sister so-and-so away
I've hidden them at the blank stare I
don't know you you look just like
brother so I do look a lot like my
father but I'd be like no no no I don't
know that's not I don't know who you're
referring to I'm sorry I'm so rude or
young people be looking at you like I
know you and they'd be waiting for you
to hit them back with the I know you two
look and I just beating them with the
shade did you feel as though others were
being too invasive into your life so I
think anytime you're in a small church
there is a certain level of evasive miss
that comes with that they have been very
poignant at making sure that the
congregation stays small this just helps
to nip nepotism in the bud and they
don't really want any you know there
shouldn't really be any power struggle
over what hall you go to because there
really shouldn't be any mega Kingdom
Hall within the religion idea is that
there is nobody or no human being that
is the leader of the religion flipside
of that is that that does lead to a bit
more of invasiveness in that you know
it'll be like maybe 20 30 families in
the hall you all kind of know each other
and you know you're all intermingling
with each other and you know people
might be in your business I don't think
that's indicative of the JW religion
they can be as invasive as you allow
them to be I do feel like certain
members and human beings this is not
what the religion or the dog where the
religion is telling you them to do but I
think they take it onto themselves to be
holier than thou and try to tell you how
to live and I do think people don't like
that I you know I've gone to other
churches and I see the same thing
happening you know so I don't think
that's something that leaving the
children is religion you're gonna
resolve yourself up if you join any
church there is going to be somebody in
that church that is trying to tell you
how to live and who takes it upon
themselves to be the Deaconess how do
you feel about child witnesses now I
think they're great people I love my
mother I just talk to my daddy for an
hour he might have him a new part-time
boo I might be at the hall soon because
if they get me and I'm gonna be right up
an air leg tied up I don't really have
anything negative to say like I met
other people who I grew up in their
religion and then decided it wasn't for
them and they have like very like her
reactions to the religion and I'm just
like dude what happened to you you grew
up and now like going on a phone service
stuff I used to knock and run
I would like light tap because I was
like petrified of running into like my
schoolmates and so when we were in our
neighborhood and I knew were certain
people live they're not they're not home
let's just go we're not but I've noticed
from others when people start to get
religious in the comments you're being a
Christian and you're being a holy person
does not absolve you of being respectful
of other people's religions I don't feel
like the the truth in your religion
needs to be through the devaluation of
somebody else's religion I just don't
believe in that so that's all I have to
say let me know what are your thoughts
do grow up in a household of our start
in religion and then as an adult started
to do your own thing how has your
experience been in that do you still
respect the religion of your parents
even though it might not be the religion
that you decided to take on for yourself
let me know in the comments down below
just remember to keep it respectful and
be considerate of others thanks for
watching kisses
