hey guys it is Josie I feel like I'm
looking fabulous today I'm feeling it
you know what's funny as I say my name
of the beginning of every video I went
to beauty con yesterday's where the
story's coming from but I say my name is
the beginning of every video and people
are always still like I don't know how
to pronounce your name is it jolty or
jouelzy actually I think shameless Maya
asked me that she said cuz somebody had
corrected her Bahadur as my name which
means she's been talking about me
watch my IMATS recap I wasn't really a
fan of I'm at but beautified was just so
much more enjoyable and I had like a
good time but that is not what this
video is about at all I will have to a
beauty con Hall recap ya be doing a
review of Chimamanda Ngozi is in guy's
ear and go Z and gauzy maybe I should
listen says listen her pronounce her
name before I do this review um let me
butcher this like a true American
Adichie Adichie Chimamanda um whatever
Americana
so before we even get into this review I
had everything talked of how I'm
publishing a book oh here's a book cover
I have a book it's coming out sometime
next month
I'm stuff publishing it it'll be
available on CreateSpace Amazon and
probably a few other outlets I'm working
on that now it will be available
internationally it is called if you
could see can you see it it is called
set it on the color will look slightly
different because as you can see I
forgot to put my name on the front is
just the proof that I got in last week
so I've been spending all week and too
much time and not enough sleep working
on finishing this book it is a
collection of sorts short stories
fiction based on real life some of them
have been published on Jules EECOM I
will leave a link bound down below where
you can read some of the short stories
that I've already published on my blog
that will be included in this book so
you can kind of get a feel but you know
generally speaking my friends all like
haven't asked me where as a book about
and I'll be like niggas an emo
that's like what really is about though
it's just about relationships and
coming-of-age and you know how do I say
it
love invulnerability and faith and love
hence the title
send it on all you real people with
great musical tastes will know where
this title comes from and that song is
about the same thing that the book is
about I'm probably not really going to
talk about it too much on YouTube until
I have the release date I'm just trying
to kind of get all my stuff together and
be more organized with how I reach out
and engage you guys and move a lot of
things off of YouTube because I'm trying
to like move this whole thing off of
youtube um so if you are interested in
one a Nomo brought the book I will be
doing a book giveaway I will be doing a
book launch party hopefully I don't know
yet I could do a book tour but all that
stuff I'm going to streamline it into a
separate newsletter specifically for
jews√≠ the author the writer of send it
on and um if you want to know sign up
down below so you can be the first in
the know for when I decide on a special
launch date it'll definitely be in June
when I do the party and all the other
stuff about how you can get your hands
on this and what we're going on alone
this mail list will be down below set up
alright let's get into this Americana so
the whole reason why I read this book
was because I did the African versus
African American I did the video with
Evelyn from the Internet's so I'm gonna
see in like four days such fun
overwhelming it responds I didn't
realize and it made me feel a little
small a diminutive too because I
realized how much of my audience was um
African or children of African
immigrants and in the grand scheme of
things you know I think kind of today in
America you have to realize how much the
regular black or black American how the
window thing we are that's not a bad
thing because I don't think we're gonna
lose our culture anything even in New
York that's where I kind of picked
through the term regular black because
in New York everybody asks you where
you're from and when you're like
Delaware they're like no where's your
family from and I'm like oh well my dash
on Polk County Florida no but where your
grandparents from and I'm like okay I'm
regular black because you don't want to
say like we're descendant of slaves it's
a little awkward
even though you know I am how they feel
Negro in a - if I got India in my family
never forget booboo it is interesting to
see how expansive kind of the African
experience is coming in context to
America and then I do feel like that how
small the kind of like black American
Collective is coming you know I feel
like just about everybody in America
could kind of say they have somebody in
their family in recent years that is an
immigrant from another country so you
know typically I think the black
American are I call I call
african-american so f1l of all y'all
think but the african-american
experience would be that you can't
really try to lineage you back lineage
back pass slaves but like my sister's
married to Jamaican and even if I look
at most of my friends um you know they
might have a Nigerian parent or to the
Audion parent just something that I
really thought of so what's interesting
to see how many people kind of relate it
to Evelyn and were like shut up Jules II
don't hear what you have to say we want
to hear Evelyn and maybe you compress
Evelyn to continue the conversation of
her channel but a lot of people
including Evelyn said to read this book
and one I'm kind of mad that nobody told
me that the book was so damn long this
issues like almost 600 pages like know
why I thought I was going to be sure to
read um but everyone said they really
related to it and so I was like oh wait
well as a african-american know as an
American I'm gonna read this book and
see maybe if I'll understand more of the
nuances of the experiences a lot of
y'all stand for achieve my mind that
she's cool Beyonce quoted her used her
voice and when I her solve I think she
is an excellent writer but um y'all
gonna hate me cuz I really like I didn't
dislike the book by and loved it either
like I also have a Yellow Sun which I'm
probably gonna be sometime next month
and it looks like it's a lot shorter and
it might be more of an interesting read
for me but I didn't dislike the book you
know I read the entire thing it took me
about a week and a half
y'all that says y'all read this book in
two days like I don't know how you did
it I think all right let me just get
into kind of what my issues were with
the book I would still recommend this as
a read but it's not a simple read um
Chimamanda is very very very just goes
into a lot of detail about a lot of
things that I didn't think we're
necessary and so you know I love me some
Gabriel Garcia Marquez and he's also a
very kind of language writer and that he
does alike builds the scene out who's
very expansive into setting up the scene
and the scenery but I feel like with his
ready it makes sense because a lot of
those nuances would come we'll build it
to the motif of the book and it would
come back
around so when I'm reading her book when
I first started reading it I was really
reading the book and trying to pay
attention to all the details because I
was thinking these things are gonna come
back in the context later on the book
and when they don't you're just like why
did she spend so much time explaining a
character like a minor character wasn't
coming to play at all I get in the book
and so I did get towards the middle of
it and I just started skimming the book
is basically about this character if he
may loo I apologize if I like ruin these
Nigerian days I'm not Nigerian excuse me
in my American ignorance and not knowing
how to pronounce this correctly but if
female ooh is Nigerian and it starts the
book opens with her already being in
America then it goes back to her days in
Nigeria and you learn about this boy
who's from suka which is somewhere in
Ebola and right oh oh I want to just
call him OB but opens a whale called
Moby so OB come from Asuka at her OB and
uh you know because anyone a
relationship and so for a lot of the
book I was waiting for this relationship
and the how their past we're gonna cross
back together I thought that that was
going to be like more of a stronger
point in the book and was just so
disappointing we even how they ended it
like because they end up do reconnecting
and you finally it's just weird it just
she kind of for like all the details
that she goes over and all the scenery
and character setups that she builds up
to you thought that was going to be more
about if a and OB and I was just a
little disappointed with that that
wasn't really that definitely stuck out
to me in the book um another thing all
the black American characters in the
book are just whack like they are sound
I don't know when y'all be coming over
to America what type of black folk y'all
be me in but like they're just like they
were so like you know what Alice Walker
right if everybody's like color purple
level of my familiar which is my
favorite book you can tell when they
don't like a certain type of person or
character because they'll care just send
to be very underdeveloped so like Alice
Walker she don't like men so like all
her books including color purple and not
the Steven Spielberg produced movie
because he does develop the characters
more but in the actual
the male characters are just all very
2-dimensional and boring and wack
character flaw like major hubris and you
just are not acted with them and that
was the same way I felt up with
Chimamanda is kind of reckoning with
black Americans like so um if they can I
call it FA if they as I've been a
relationship with Blaine just like
snoozefest so bougie and you I just
thought maybe it would be more balance
with the characters that were in America
you know having the same kind of
interesting nuances that she gives to
her Nigerian people in the book and it
didn't happen so if they ends up in
school in Philadelphia and she's in a
class and they're talking about like
race or whatever and like one of the
black girl on the class the black
American girl says well your people sold
me into slavery all the kind of people
the Africans that she comes into contact
with into contact with in the book they
all kind of have some depths then you
know some understanding and she gives
them the time of day in the book but
like the one black person that she comes
across
prior to Blaine she just so dismisses
the girl there's no kind of extra
conversation there is no opportunity for
understanding there is no kind of it I
just felt like there could have been
more there and there was it and as a
black American it is just kind of like
damn do people just dismiss us like that
and like there isn't even any
opportunity for understanding or growth
in that relationship and then you get to
Blaine and he's ultimate snoozefest
though she even though it's Noble that
he wants to have all the black people he
could code-switch it all that which just
sounds so like Britain and his sister I
remember her name but she just sounded
horrible she sounded like somebody would
have a really tacky weave too much money
for her to have a tacky leave like
that's just how I visualized her in my
life like her hair just was like why you
got so much access and money and your
hair looked like that my why I think
that I did realize from this book is I
didn't realize that it was so hard to
get a visa to get into America and maybe
I Dave realized that because I had a
homegirl from Nigeria and college
teaching and I remember when she went
back home for like Christmas break she
had a hard time coming back over it's
like she ended up missing like half of
spring semester and I was just like why
can't you just get a visa I remember
like talking to her via Tai Chi chat
like what I gotta do is I gotta go
the US Embassy like I don't get this
like what's wrong and I didn't realize
it was that difficult oh it does how to
give you more of an understanding of
coming into a merit car just trying to
get to America in the first place and
that kind of hole like the struggle of
getting here and then once you get here
the struggle of trying to like you know
settle in and like make a name for
yourself touch Nigerians
or West Africa's in general kind of feed
into class and it definitely came up in
the book about how America is like overs
Elias and talks a lot about race we're
very race focused country and I guess to
the rest of the world that's weird
because up supposedly they don't see
race and I don't believe that statement
I think they just don't have a word for
what it is they see it's a class issue
and that's what I've noticed has been
the big difference between like how I
see the world and how my kind of African
counterparts see the world is that I
could say oh you're black you're white
you're things that people kind of play
us against each other with but the I
it's a lot harder to kind of identify
classism I think it's kind of
interesting to see if other people talk
about how much in a negative way how
much America is race focused and I'm
like but like we've gotten so far ahead
because we can talk about race we would
able to have a civil rights movement be
vocal about it and say you interrogating
me based on my race and it's a lot
harder to say you're segregating on me
again against my class you're
segregating me because I'm poor because
then everybody turns around with this
work your way yet why are you poor like
you put yourself Digg America has a
class issue too but I would rather deal
with a race issue than have to overcome
a class issue because even in this book
even if they who seems a lot more
open-minded than her counterparts as an
adult still will look at her peers from
high school and you know and be like oh
well their class will never allow them
to be greater in her mind and that's
just kind of like an issue I mean it's
it's not something that I'm interested
in being a part of a lot of the issues
to me that if they ran into and coming
to America were because she never took
the opportunity to get to know black
Americans you think that we see race I
think a lot of Africans see class and
they can't get over that so they don't
understand how we talk and we don't
understand like why they think the way
they think
but these class issues also got her
- a lot of unnecessary issues so like
the breakdown between her and obv says
when she left a mid night ready to come
to America she was still in contact and
still don't lunch - really with OB
and she did something because she ended
up moving in with the house for the
white girls in Philadelphia and was
there a no monies and she couldn't
figure out how to get no monies and she
only had her one Nigerian friend I
helped her Clara I'm thinking you know
if you had just gotten to know some of
the black kids at your school you
wouldn't had to go on a Craigslist
hustle like you did and kind of go
through this long like 15-year break up
with like the love of your life
it was just like cuz god I've been there
like I get there not having any money
and a lot of us get that because we've
lived in America for so long and weren't
born with silver spoons in our mouths
and we were born poor and we get it I
just feel like that was it way high
experience would have been a little bit
different if she had met you know an
upwardly mobile open-minded black
American who could have put her on to
how to make it in America because we've
been doing it it is so interesting
people said they don't see race but you
put up with like this ignorant behavior
of white people because of class class
and you thinking they're automatically
upper class but a black girl makes a
roof statement but obviously she's I'm
southern telling just because she's in
the class having this discourse with you
and you don't give her any time of day
and I feel like those are the
relationships that I'm we're that
potentially might have been more
fruitful to her being able to make it
and have an easier experience in America
than these white girls who were just so
rude so nasty it's so rude for no reason
I came to America
who the eat hot dogs boil like yuck
that is not an American thing that's
certainly not a black American thing I
put my hot dogs in a frying pan and if I
have a choice I would eat a sausage fry
read a hot dog so I don't know what part
of America your nephew was planning to
but he wasn't listening to my mind of
America because we don't do that over
here at booboo we do not eat boil hot
dogs they're nasty
having kind of like a personal reaction
to it cuz I'm just thinking this is such
a weird experience and I think you're
kind of
putting yourself and really difficult
place it some of the characters in the
book I didn't I didn't like student like
I didn't really get like I thought like
if it becomes a nanny right to this
white family and they have this daughter
whose name I'm not remembering because
she wasn't important and they go through
this kind of whole relationship about
how the daughter's difficult and she
doesn't really have a shape with her
father and she's just like a little
angsty little white girl for no reason
like I was overly serious like six like
you don't even have a hard life like why
do you already have the RBF phase like
resting bitchface at six years old like
get it together girl you need to be
tickled biml or something because it's
just like I don't we don't understand
your struggle because you don't have any
we're gonna be some breakthrough or some
nuance or some point or is it a place
some into some motif and it just was
like okay so she existed she was
difficult for no reason and then we move
on and I didn't get it I didn't and then
I didn't get it up um I did find obese
story very interesting and I kind of
again I wish his story was just
developed a little bit more I would have
loved to hear more about his experience
because of all the cares of the book
even more so than if a he seemed the
most be the most humble and open-minded
and reasonable that it would have been
just great to hear more from him and his
story like he went to London even though
he always seemed to go into America but
he never had the opportunity I did not
realize that so many people were using
fake IDs mm-hm
um but you know in getting swindled left
and right and just trying to make it and
being heartbroken how if they just kind
of went cold and you know didn't contact
him for like 12 years and even like his
mother was just such an interesting
character I just wish there was more to
his story like I really enjoyed Obie's
story more than any other character in
the book because he wasn't bougie or
pretentious or like had all these kind
of stuck-up notions about how other
people should be living he went out
being open to kind of a cross-cultural
connection that I didn't feel like
resonated with any other character but I
can't get why somebody else would get
the would get if a story and be really
connect to the story because I guess
maybe I'm just too American but who do
story which is interesting especially
the context of her son and her sons
identity with being a Nigerian who was
largely raised in America and not going
back to Nigeria until a teenager I also
wish that story was more developed I
just thought there was a lot of time
spent on stories that add it didn't
really do a lot for me and the story
that I wanted to hear more of just kind
of they didn't really fall fly because
obviously I had an emotional investment
in them and I had some sort
you know I responded to and I was like
oh I want to know more I just wish there
was more justing thing that I thought of
the book was that it was interesting how
much she kind of gives credence to what
I thought was just negative stereotypes
of Nigerians nor is a minimally um past
few weeks I've heard a lot about
Nigerians just being swindlers in that
no matter how well you know them a
Nigerian will always generally speaking
be about doing whatever they need to do
to get what they want out of a situation
it's not an issue of whether they're
poor Nigerians are wealthy ladies it's
just Nigerians in general will do what
they need to do to get ahead and talk
the talk and sell you a story and this
they are not the most trustworthy of
people and I've heard this quite often
from other not even just black Americans
but from other Africans and so when
she's cheap when the characters in her
book are those type of people I was just
like I don't know I'm supposed to feel
about this like to wash away my negative
stereotype that was you know when I hear
my friends say that I tell them no you
can't say that we don't do that but when
you read a book by another Nigerian and
it's kind of like no my people are like
that it's just like oh I supposed to
feel about this what am I supposed to
think I don't know I don't know if I'm
supposed to nod my head when even how
people are doing business in the book
and when I nod my head I'm like you know
makes total sense I feel bad
I'm not Nigerian I'm supposed to think
this is about Nigerian people like why
why for whack you should all read this
book if you've read this book give me
tell me what you really thought about
this book if you want to people that
like claiming reddish in two days I'll
believe you but I would like to hear the
central themes of the
look that shoe really enjoyed who was
your favorite character
who was your favorite character that if
they interacted with um what scene was
really personal to you and really makes
you think about you know who you are and
how you interact sense of things that I
would love to like talk a little bit
more about this because I'm a little
concerned that my opinion might be a
little too American centric and I don't
want to offend anybody culturally but I
had like a very reaction to a lot of
things in this book that's all thanks
for watching listen to me ramble you
guys are all awesome as always like this
video thumbs up leave a comment I don't
know if you thumbs up the video or not I
feel like the numbers I can't see comes
up my videos but I know who comments so
when you meet me up in the street you
won't have a discussion talking about
stuff I always ask people's names
because I pay attention who's commenting
on my videos so comment below like me on
Facebook help out much trouble numbers
and follow me on Twitter as always its
choosey I'm out do this
