hey guys it's Josie and we're gonna do
something very irresponsible we're gonna
record it get ready with me in natural
light and at 6:00 p.m. and the Sun
probably about to set so what a bitch
don't want to turn our lights on
maybe if I like raise the blinds if I
open them up more or if I turn this way
ooh how much natural lighting can we get
it's probably don't look really really
really yellow who did you like that so
the skids is Gary with me there's tons
of discuss because the last two videos I
put up well two of three because one of
them was a get ready with me but the
last two not get ready with me videos I
put up well the comments section let me
tell ya is something else so I'm gonna
get a ton of questions about this hair I
will likely have this actual wig up for
sale on my Poshmark account but you guys
should definitely go check out my
Poshmark there is a link down below in
the description box by time this video
is up I will have added more items to my
Poshmark store I have been selling items
on my passion mark store including
closures from this Indian vendor because
I bought closures by mistake um instead
of rentals there's all the way of
rentals um for the past couple of months
it has been going well I sent one thing
out late I absolutely love using
Poshmark I only put up quality items I
do not put any of my fashion over pretty
little things items up there no girl we
only sell in quality clothing that I no
longer wear I have a ton of dresses cuz
I buy dresses every time I go out buy a
new dress for every occasion cuz I like
to act like I'm not broke and then we're
the ones and then I don't really have
places to go we would have seen so I
don't have reasons to wear them again
and so it's great to be able to kind of
go through my closet and resell things
that either I've never worn or I've only
one worn once or twice it's a great way
to make money on the side by selling
your items and I also purchase these off
of Poshmark
because it's a great way to get quality
items at a discount so I will have a
link down below and I would behoove you
if you have items of your person who got
think sit in your closet that you ain't
morning a clean
minta if you looking for some new things
you try to buy some luxury items on a
discount
you know either side of the coin either
way get you a Poshmark account so you
can buy you something or I'll do
something and collect that coin I will
have links down below description box so
what I will be doing here is the look
that I actually wore in my last two
videos both around cardi B what a
sensational character she is now I
actually did this look on Instagram live
but it turns out from the amount of you
who are like hey Josie do you know
you're in the range of dollars on that I
thought you meant oh yeah nice legs well
they were asking you about my ripped
loss that people do not follow me on IG
and it's kind of a miracle cuz even less
people follow me on Twitter Instagram be
having an answer fine a young thug on
instagram but part of the problem also
is instagrams what she McAuley
Instagram algorithm now so okay first up
is brows we know this by now we know
that yet she gets at my style of makeup
what do you consider it if I don't know
that I'm like a I don't feel like I'm in
the same class as like a Jacquie ina or
even an ELISA Ashley right like I don't
do the it's what it is kind of a full
beat I mean I'm below I'd be doing full
beat and I was talking to Evelyn who be
doing her little beauty her little
Beauty IG story you know and we had gone
to the glossier store together in New
York and she was like she um uh what are
the words she used she enjoys the comedy
in explaining how she does her makeup
because she's not a beauty guru
you know the humor in enjoying putting
on makeup even though you have no clue
what you're doing um I think I have some
clues about what I'm doing I'd be trying
to front like I don't know what I'm
doing oh just all types of mess in the
brow oh girl don't be sloppy just cause
you draw I catch this sunlight do your
forever foundation we already know this
I am color and 45 I show my last two
videos well particularly the last video
I did about is cardi B black how hard
for me to meet her how I feel or what
the response really is because I'm
videos like that the comments go left so
fast and I honestly honestly I'm I know
I talk with confidence right but it's
really like a topic where I don't
necessarily feel like my position on
how I view party and her race is correct
like I do not feel confident in my
rightness so I'm just trying to explain
my thought process like I know the
comments we're gonna turn into because
we lack the language as I stated in the
video but I'm almost kind of concerned
that I set up the conversation for it to
be like a bash mixed people session
phrase is just really difficult to talk
about because we are talking about we
are talking about things in the vacuum
of like American racial identity but I
feel like I cover my bases right like I
kind of want to explain myself based off
of some of the more like hmm I get the
help people respond to me kind of trying
to respond to my tone of like confidence
and sometimes one it gets lost in Ted
who would get lost cuz people ain't got
money ain't got my syntax but uh that
was shade let me let me not be shaded I
don't know like as much as I want to
explain myself when I start to explain
myself I'm also like yo I covered all my
bases in the video most of the comments
and I felt like that weren't like we're
really people who agree with me so I
wonder if the people who don't agree
with me kind of understood that I did
want to hear their side that I do
understand that I might have some things
wrong that there is a lot of plurality
in blackness and we all mutually don't
own the language to really discuss it
but I still want to hear it does that
make sense
imma be real ghetto and use my alkaline
water to wet my beauty blender
don't judge a house look I said it in
the video write that like depending on
where you're from and who colonized that
area that we have a different perception
of like how who gets that ID racially
identify as what and the hard part is
that for a lot of African Americans we
do not have access to the nomenclature
to define ourselves a nomenclature is
such a word that I learned from pledging
right that only we're online and we
learned about the history or Delta Sigma
Theta Sorority Incorporated you want to
learn about the nomenclature make Swaney
you have alumni chapters are named in
the nomenclature of eleven chapters
that's Louie like the tailing and I just
always remember like yo that's a really
good word that makes so much sense like
how we label things so we don't have the
labeling or the nomenclature that a lot
of other members of the Diaspora do have
and so we black for us is an ethnicity
technically a nationality because a lot
of us don't feel comfortable especially
those of us who have never
Travel don't feel comfortable saying
that were african-american alright so
we're gonna go in you know I love this
pilots what's poppin gonna go in with
Burkina Burkina babe is my favorite
crease color but I love saying
especially for black Americans who have
never traveled outside of America we do
not feel comfortable calling ourselves
American I mean so a lot of us do
identify as black as a nationality
whether that is correct or not I mean
that is up for debate but it's a race
it's our ethnicity it's our culture and
our nationality for a lot of people it's
also culture that's been specifically
our culture that African Americans right
that has been highly commodified and
when I say commodified I mean that it
has entered into like the mainstream pop
culture content and people use our
cultural markers for profit so it would
also be like the discussion around like
Ankara in Kent a print from West Africa
being now used in mainstream fashion
somebody has commodified a facet of West
African culture alright we're gonna take
what did I do
I don't even wear what I color I put on
I think I took a de we're just gonna put
that in the I definitely did not take a
de okay my first guess was that I took
Cairo but whatever we can't work it and
work it and do something similar low-key
I be doing these get ready with means
for myself and so yeah I think of the
African Diaspora the most commodified
cultures african-american followed by
Jamaican you can find me over that one
but mmm so the color I did really
definitely take was Cairo we're just
gonna go pack that in on top this will
probably turn out a bit redder but it
might actually turn out nicer yes so
because of how highly our culture has
been commodified and largely maybe a few
black individuals have turned it into
profit but it doesn't really trickle
down until it's never trickled down into
the black community and so because of
that african-americans just tend to be
very protective of who gets to identify
as black because when you're talking to
an african-american black is our
ethnicity black is our culture and a lot
of times when we're discussing who was
black what you're talking about this
because they had co-opted into a sector
of specifically African American culture
and they've been able to commodify it
now I don't think cardi
should not be a rapper or should not be
able to turn profit as a rap artist nor
do I believe the only black people can
rap but I do think part of this
conversation about her by shot down at E
is directly tied to the fact that she is
a rapper and I don't even again just
because she says that the N word like we
really have press over there and where
was it Casablanca then I put on her we
thought so we've all said now just put
Casablanca on a center of our eyes it
doesn't make it right but it is like you
know I don't know how like on the
islands all y'all have these
conversations about who gets to be black
or not right I really this is a very
like American sentiment cuz like how so
how are those earrings handling this
right because there's there's a
burgeoning class of mixed-race biracial
Nigerians right aren't they so I have
only historically ever seen we're like
the this identity of like being mix
because the way it's happening in the
comments right people are like they're
not black they're mixed in the American
context that feels like a very hurtful
statement right like you were saying
someone does not get to access or does
not have a right to access or to claim
the cultural heritage of being black in
America which seems rather unfair
because if you got a black parent you
black I see it in French colonies I feel
like maybe it's like saying someone is
mixed or colored or Creole or Mis well
mestizo is a Spanish phrase is it is it
at a knockdown it's not a negative
versus in the American context it's like
you're trying to take something away
from a person like oh you know what I
didn't do so I always I do my makeup the
same way every time my big eyelids so I
go back in with this brush I didn't go
back in with a darker color Fulani do it
on the out V on the outside yeah but the
French like named that whole class of
people and so being called I guess mixed
our colored in the French and is it
Creole is it was that the right word
well in American the French Louisiana
and that includes Mississippi power now
how is it in Haiti right that someone
could say I mixed and that's my
ethnicity and my cultural marker and
there is a different culture is there a
different culture I mean I don't think
there will in class you know look
language right there's where is that I
don't know what to call this stuff and
that's why I say it
it's like a hard conversation ahead and
that was kind of my overarching point
that I really wanted to people to
understand we're gonna do a little
contour I really wanted to have a
conversation where it's like yo you
could even point out the holes in my
viewpoint it's like let's all learn
together here I was slightly concerned
when I saw so many people being like no
she's mixed mixed is not black I'm like
oh gosh what did I start with what did I
do
I don't get it I actually was my
bareMinerals at last the last time you
know if you ever have gone to the black
Smithsonian the National Museum of
african-american history and culture the
what is it like sweet home cafe
I love I love love the restaurant one I
thought the food was really really good
but to that like they actually give the
nomenclature for like their different
regions within african-american culture
right that like the I don't even
remember the names would they they gave
a nod to like the Pacific coast and the
West Californians and that style of food
too like Louisiana and Mississippi
Creole or Cajun to white fo creole Cajun
to like Baltimore area and what we would
call it like bay the Baltimore Harbor
once you want to call it babe is the
hardware like Baltimore Virginia
mid-atlantic is what they called it
style of food and funny not with almost
conversation I'm really big into tracing
my family history one of the girls in
the comment section was Han Dorian and
was saying that she does not believe in
the pan-african theory of my family I've
never heard anybody say the pan-african
theory in context to them being
descendants of African slaves because
pin a calf in Africa the term didn't
really come into context until like the
1910s like WB de boi and then I clumb en
karma you know I'd be a man up
named sorry Paul Irish pub which I know
I'm talking abou this eye shadow Loki is
a look I think I need to buff it out a
little bit more and then we do the
eyeliner because really really really
yeah be like yes I shadow and I'm like
it's really just the wing the wing does
at all it's doing all the work this is
my favorite favorite favorite favorite
brush Sephora Pro eyeshadow brush
and what's interesting is and this kind
of like pushback about being a mixed I
do think there is there is something to
explore and the fact that most
african-americans themselves are
technically racially mixed the
difference is for a lot of us as
african-americans we don't have the
privilege if you see it as such right a
lot of well a lot of african-americans
do see it as a privilege to deny to be
able to flatly deny your blackness and
that's not something that we've had
access to right that we could never walk
into a room and be like nah I'm not
black genuinely and validly take part in
another culture as if it's our own
somehow everyone everybody get access to
african-american culture and I think
that is where a lot of resentment comes
in now is it it's definitely not right
to place that resentment on to other
people or individuals right which is why
I kind of ended the video with a lot of
the questions about party and her race
have little do it cardi and a lot more
to do with the system and societal norms
that we live within and how our own how
we view our own racial identity both for
like it reaffirming Afro Latinas or afro
Latino or latina whatever to feel
validated in both their Latin heritage
and their blackness and their connection
to Africa but also for like African
Americans and their cultural identity to
say that it's their own and no you can't
come in so like damn going to a
different sides of the coin really is
what happened interesting I just started
saying earlier that I was really into
doing my family tree and though my dad's
my family his maternal lineage
I'm traces directly back to Spanish
Florida interestingly enough my seven
times over a great-grandfather I've been
trying to figure out going through a
really old old old Van der Brau actually
is a collection the papers from Spanish
Florida so via their archives I was able
to trace him back to a boat that passed
through Boston he was a slave he came
and fought in the spanish-american war
was a translator supposedly so so it so
the claims are I'm trying to verify yes
right um and was given his freedom in
1700s right I mean so but before he made
his way well he definitely passed
through Santa Domingo which his was
Hispaniola
during the time I remember when I found
the work paper I was like well
bitch I'm after watching a 2 now I'm
just messing with Jabba but that was
probably held out in the camera
paperwork is saying he was born in
Jamaica interesting enough I put my
dad's DNA up on GED batch and I was
contacted by a Jamaican family who's
like yo we're cousins but we're my folk
bands from Jamaica dye my bitch my oppa
Florida
I don't know but she is she separated
from my dad by five generations which
cool it's pretty far back and I'm
thinking it might be via an Tonio
Proctor but if you take the ancestry DNA
test you black please start doing your
family tree on there please I'll be who
view yeah yeah it's cool to get the
percentages but that don't oh wow that
don't really mean a whole lot if you are
not tracing back any of your family
lineage and then also I was contacted by
somebody a family from Nigeria who is
related to my dad and separated in
relations via three point six
generations technically I've been trying
to get old boy emailed me like hey we're
cousins I think he was hoping that we'd
be Nigerian cuz when I was like oh yeah
we're african-american he was like oh no
probably plays by this might be Hongkong
when I might really have a LAN to go bet
he's a South East Nigerian and no he's
not Evo tried it there co e ek oh I is
what he said he was cuz he said oh my
family's from Southeast Nigeria so I had
asked outright are you ebo and then he
gave me like a whole history lesson um
they called me people and he told me the
region of Nigeria he gave me the
specific words I cannot say he gave me
this specific state I want to say it's
Calabar I might be buggin so if you've
done any of the DNA test but there's
23andme ancestry or whatever do upload
your your raw DNA to GED match because
it's fascinating to see I just
wish I could get more info on my mom's
on the family that's been like a dead a
tailspin that goes nowhere but my dad
decide he laid the earbud we're gonna
spray our face like a wealthy white
moment do I look wealthy while I do it
okay to the hair so I got the Indian
roll because everyone talks about it and
this is Indian royal hair the lashes we
are doing trust me try it
velour silk lashes game-changer but with
this one the cloak the frontal does not
necessarily match the texture of the
bundle I love the bundles the bundles
are amazing same bundles same texture
you see that you can even see the color
difference in this right same bundles
from the longer texture love them the
front whole I am just like it's a
lighter color it feels like I don't know
if it's just the color or if it is
actually a different texture hit up the
guy I bought it from he was just like
well it's raw Indian hair like it's not
processed you're just not gonna get the
same hair every time um so I'll just
give you a free frontal the next time
you order from me and my are a bit so
I'm gonna order again and I probably
stressed out this one because there's no
point and trying to deconstruct it
I'll just reorder the shorter 10 inch
bundles line I chopped the ends off the
frontal because Garlin it was looking a
hot mess I needed this to like lay right
and lay a little bit better I'm sorry
I'm just gonna sell this at cause recoup
a little bit of the money I spent on it
I'm sure someone will love it and I got
a big head so this is real easy to
customize - yo hey sighs I gave my
sister another wig that I had me and my
sister has a much smaller head than I do
and it looks what was I saying I got a
lash on the shoot I don't know what I
was saying before I said I put a slash
okay but back on the mix thing also on
my dad's paternal lineage though as far
as I can trace back his Pappy people's
is all listed as mulatto but back in the
1800s and they was doing a censuses it
wasn't mulatto based on who yo parentage
was it was like oh you so get Omega
human last oh okay I gotta go to Florida
and dig up if any of my scam and ass
auntie's I know my one scamming ass
auntie my Aunt Mary Jo be having all the
family pictures but she is a Scott
you've been skimming my whole damn life
and got the nerve to be a better Holmes
witness girl oh oh get my lace is coming
up okay didn't even really pluck the
lace on this cuz the stuff is fake girl
it's thick I didn't really pluck it too
much but that's not cute I did a good
job on this side I didn't really I got
my arms got tired
um and it's lifting but I'm gonna sell
it just like this you can have it but it
be up on my pocket okay so what everyone
is asking about the color lipstick it's
chocolate Gio Gio Gio GE Eau de Vie
Becca cosmetics it's a pretty color I
didn't even think you could see that
much in the video of fuzzy NYX black
eyeliner pencil now I'm great with the
winged liner I know how to wing my eyes
with a gel and I like it because it
sticks it doesn't fade it doesn't rub it
doesn't smudge it doesn't go anywhere
but it just doesn't really stick well
for me I can't get it to do what I
wanted to do on my waterline and so
pencil girl
oh good in the hood thanks for watching
I hope you comment along this was just
my stream-of-consciousness I would love
to hear your animal consciousness as
well alright and I appreciate all y'all
I came out of lurking status on my last
get ready with me
