hey guys the Sun is setting and I feel
like I look quite nice I go my gosh I
look a little orange and so I'm going to
do this quick video because I posted
something from Nicki Minaj on my
Instagram and it reminded me this blog
post that I had written and it's on my
blog I will link it down below called
connecting the dots I'm living for you
and also it just reminded me that I felt
like I needed to do a follow up I was
thinking about doing a video addressing
kind of all the negative things that
I've ever been said to me from people
whose opinions I actually cared about
because I think so often people who
you're who are your friends are really
not gonna be the one to support you
especially when you start out doing new
things
I don't even to this day get a ton of
support from people in my close circle
with regards to my YouTube channel I
think they kind of like pat me on my
back and say good job you know my gosh
you come so far but they're not watching
my videos or not engaging me they're not
really promoting me and I don't expect
them of that um but to the point Nicki
Minaj tweeted no one will put in work
with you but as soon as they're
successful appear with long essays on IG
about how much they contributed and this
is so true in the idea that you fail you
fail alone when you succeed the
bandwagons will feel up and I repost
this on Instagram and Facebook with a
link to the blog post that I originally
wrote called connecting the dots living
for you said earlier I put it down below
happened was I had some friends at the
time sit me down for what I determined
was a lunch intervention because they
felt like I was just doing all the wrong
things and wasn't getting a job because
I lacked a work ethic and they felt that
it was in their place to sit me down and
tell me about myself unrequited without
request um and yeah three four years
later it's a three years later three
years later um maybe took a long time
for me to get over it with it cuz one of
the girls I really looked at as a close
friend to the point where I had told her
you know I don't let a lot of people in
because I feel like every time you let
somebody in when they walk out your life
they walk out with a piece of you and I
remember she's like oh that's so true
that's so deep yada yada yada so I
thought she understood the level at
which friendships exists with me
and so for and I just never saw the shit
coming from like this group of women um
in total I lost three friends from this
and then just always were like my good
time crew and so I was so just in a
state of shock into this day it's still
kind of just like boggling how does this
happen like I'm not smiling Greg I'm not
sleeping with every Tom Dick and Harry
that walk down the street I'm not asking
you for money I'm not sitting on your
couch I'm not eating your food so I mean
it kind of asked the fact um I put it
together like every time we went out
they were always insist on paying for me
and I'm like you know when I had money
I'd be like you know then I'm good I
could pay for this I'm going to post the
email conversation to follow up to the
original blog post so the connecting the
dots won't explain situation and I'm
going to post the email that I sent to
them but I'm going to read you the
response that I got from one of the
women she says I feel that you obviously
took our friendly advice and turned it
in something totally what it was not
meant to be you asked us for examples we
gave them to you
you chose to explain yourself this is
not what the other girl and I took you
to lunch for it wasn't to throw anything
that you have told us as friends back in
your face it was to give you suggestions
on your work ethic when it comes to
corporate mind you both these women at
the time we're in their 30s and still
pursuing their bachelor's degrees yes I
do feel like sometimes you had your head
so far up your butt that you believe
people owe you a hookup
just because you know them yes I also
feel that your head is so far up your
butt that you automatically think you
belong in a managerial or executive
position we came to you as friends to
pretty much tell you that yes sometimes
you have to work hard and one setting
for years to get to where you need to be
know someone is not going to hire you
because you know them or you're cool yes
a lot of times you have to listen and
follow first before you automatically
believe you've become a leader
all these things were advice and
suggestions not to hurt you in any sense
but because you were offended by what
friends were telling you I said of
taking it in you became childlike to me
when you defended yourself
you became childlike to me when you
wrote that blog you became childlike to
me
my name no one is not calling you an
adult that's a title but when the
perspective of others lead to childlike
behavior then your title changes
no one is not calling you an adult
that's a title but when your perspective
of others leads to childlike behavior
your title changes I'm not offended at
all by the blog email or tweets I'm more
upset than anything I'm upset that
instead of actually analyzing what was
said you took it as if you were
chastising you and actually took it
personal instead of professional and you
actually are in denial that most of it
is true instead of just opinions I would
have been cool with you know what girls
I might not agree with what you're
saying and I think you're wrong but I'll
think about it you couldn't even do that
you blatantly took our suggestions for
the you ain't shit speech we came to you
as big sisters as your friends not
mother had one or more than two I still
hope that you actually think about what
we talked about and assume we are out to
get you or control you in any way this
was sent to me two years ago by
grown-ass women as a grown-ass adult the
conversation was at the time I had
worked at black hair media for a while I
took a job knowing that Russell whatever
they MS ain't shit and so the job wasn't
gonna last that long but I took it
because I wanted to learn how a haircare
website was run and I learned and I was
able to start my own and they took the
back of the job and that's it for two
months and threw it in my face and so
that I have left work ethic I couldn't
stay anywhere and for some reason they
thought I was applying for managerial
roles even though the one position that
kind of fueled all this was because one
of our other homegirls
had a position over her department that
was an assistant position
and I had applied for it this is to say
without getting too much into more
details because clearly this shit still
kind of gets under my skin is friends
will come and go sometimes friends have
good intentions when they speak
negativity or negative things towards
you I think people are scared of the
familiar we all have some of the same
tools some of us just use them
differently and when people see you
using things that they have in
themselves differently whether you are
more vocal about something whether you
expose yourself a little bit more and
it's working for you they get scared
that I don't get what's special about
her sentiment you don't get what's
special about me because I have the same
damn tools as you but I chose to use
them don't shade me because your
lackluster life is leading you know
where we all go different paths my path
to success is not the same as any of my
other peers and in the same sense that
I'm not going to sit here on Instagram
and compare my life and Toodee to
somebody else don't you dance oh yo shit
in my face that's just how I feel about
it
perfect I mean and it's crazy to me you
can't as a friend offer professional
advice to someone when you only know
them on a personal level oh that is that
on that but I just don't want anybody to
get deterred whether you're becoming a
vlogger a blogger you're setting your
own company you're presenting a new
career path you're getting into
something that is not the typical
because you are a black female we are
always expected to focus on one singular
thing and have regular job to be
corporate women and aspire to work for
someone else as black women do not let
somebody else deter you from pursuing
things that are out of the norm for
black women because we still have a long
way to go and that is all inspiration I
got to be you I'm gonna go eat some
chicken wings
watch March Madness with my own damn
corn that I earned my own daggone job as
a web developer because two years later
I am still okay being me remember that
ladies just be you and I Seamus my I
would say do you boo and as I would say
they're gonna fuck with you now living a
fuck what you later ladies just gonna
cost you more all right check the
description box down below for links for
anything that I write on this topic I
wanted to share with all of you
deuces ladies
