hey guys it's Josie I don't think you
can actually see me but I'm in Austin
Texas
so if you come out to the music portion
of South by Southwest this is where
everything goes down at it is the theta
for it I don't know can you see it in
the light it's not open during
interactive but the freighter 4 is like
you don't need a badge to get in you do
have to be on the RSVP list if you ever
come to South by Southwest or really any
music festival and fader has anything
going on I used to work for fader so
like they have a special place in my
heart but I said some jerk chicken and
we never go back this party I tried to
sneak into a panel I was in a trance
again but hopefully told me to come to
this panel and something like yeah I
don't have a badge as I just come so I
came and they were like we don't have a
badge you can't get it why would you
tell me to come if I needed a badge to
get in it but I think the problem was
like I walk and I was walking into the
door and like I pause I should just walk
to like a chief badge to tell me about
black swimmers ok nothing gained from
that I did want to go to Mario
Armstrong's I'm pressing over anyway but
I just sat and talked with him
the 15 and so you know that's the goal
just crazy
we leave it as rubble a party because
they might have music from like mm
there's like a period between like the
late nights and mm that you should never
play that bro
yeah and the mood is gone
it was like memory deviled eggs a piece
of chicken with a peaceful waffle and a
pig in a blanket
you had a show on Bravo you could create
a he said he could look at my facebook
page and tell me why you guys aren't
engaging me on Facebook Shay he's like
you only got three thousand likes on
Facebook I would like first of all sir
it's just how do you like what you got
somebody says on YouTube where I yeah
what I yeah I don't know what are you
I'm gonna taco but we're not inside a
region I went to the taco shop you say
are you Mexican and they say yes but
they had no outbox or no turn agree 25
days to guys taco I said what I told you
ice cream truck while you I'm gonna go
high like this Korean taco let's walk
over to the period taco truck right on
there at the Comfort truck blue G but I
talked to Dan to discounted price
because you see that that price right
there is a cute volusia meatball a seven
why don't have a fight this is good
stuff I software was not even news
abortion food was interactive
insufficient anybody has
there's nobody
nobody here so why are you up
all of your lips
ahahaha video is are you in her mouth oh
they soft like that alright let's pull
this before I get a copyright Clearance
I had to stop and buy some sides because
I packed the whole suitcase full of non
clean clothing and forgot to pack socks
so I had to stop by the chickaletta's
shot it gave me so I don't get any gross
margin they bite you want a bite of
socks individually or he's right a peg I
remember before I go down to the
downtown to go get my badge today today
I have a bag for South by Southwest and
I'm being Jessica tonight I went got me
a bomb me and check it out so what do
you say is born me I think about my
Louisiana New Orleans natives my noah
bamyas so buying me is a Vietnamese
sandwich and so on what is this
considering it's French bread I forget
what the name for it is but it's usually
with pork and like those serrano peppers
I'm a this one has a pickle cute carrots
I was that parsley or cilantro no tell
difference pate and pork belly is on
mine and I think I'm actually gonna have
to work liver on here so it's usually a
sandwich usually pork bass it's
Vietnamese obviously the Vietnam was
colonized by the French hence why it's
on French bread and it's just so
delicious it's one of my favorite foods
I brought the tear duct
you
okay Monday and I tried to out something
for parking today which stops hopefully
I'm in the frame because I don't open my
behind there good Filippelli Brady
walking down the street oh my gosh is it
raining it's because I just came from a
Samsung lounge basically what I'm doing
here is I'm reaching out to the brands
that I want to get in contact with I'm
trying to give up with them c-suite
exactly be Nazis because I can really do
anything for you there were content
managers anyway but like this has to be
P level VP level so only company left
that I had not made any contact with is
Chevrolet so before we go to Jessica's
event I'm going to hunt down she used to
put me on I'm getting in a Chevy
hi I just spilled wine on my camera but
it's not--it's it's still working and
guess what wish those stupid
breakfast taco what did I get did I get
chorizo and two hours i'ma go to in and
out I'm still hungry monster pepperin
where you go on vacation because people
have two importantly society when anyway
I got like a boo-boo
so I'm talking me only one sweet it's
5.5 fluid ounces of prune juice see
drink one of these with a bunch of water
like almost at least 3 liters 2 liters
and you can eat your way through
whatever city you're in
my fight is not into five forty four or
five and it's like two o'clock so a
little bit of time yes when I travel all
I do is eat because I'm hungry
and in and out is only on the west coast
you can't go to see the hesitantly
