it's tech Tuesday
alright I'm gonna try to wing it try to
bang on these videos how I'm one sitting
in less than I oh my gosh I usually
write notes so that I'm not so
long-winded cuz ya know along with it
we're gonna try to wing it way in and
I've been drinking sure I don't even go
right no we're going to talk about tips
for starting and running a successful
YouTube channel on YouTube that will
guarantee success on YouTube one or a
combination of the hosts
Eliza might have to work a little harder
but now here's the realsense girl oh you
two roses first question I get a ton of
is when to start a YouTube channel what
do you want me to tell you I don't know
I started my youtube channel cuz I want
a free weave and I saw he's going here I
got this princess hair shop it's like 26
inches hey well I speak in full Sun
design then CA so so I started I opened
up my laptop and I recorded a video on
the weave that I had in my head it was
that simple just do it
I feel like 80% hmm I'm gonna go with
95% of the questions I get asked on
YouTube are mainly from people trying to
talk themselves out of doing things a
lot of the questions aren't really gonna
change or impact how you go about doing
something you just need that extra push
or boost to get out there and do it so
be like Nike and just do it do not get
caught up in the idea that you have to
have the same level of equipment and
quality and production as people that
have had that have had YouTube channels
for a while and I've already built
followings a lot of us monetize our
channels a lot of us with the good
quality production especially that are
just individuals and don't have a team
behind a YouTube channel
invested the money that they made off of
youtube and bought the product I
actually went into some clean debt so I
could bring higher quality videos
because I felt like the women with 4c
hair would not be well represented on
YouTube or just anywhere in the media in
the natural
here move I'm trying to talk myself out
of not buying more equipment because
really it does come down to the value of
your content they do say to try and keep
your videos under five minutes long if
you have it that name a personality like
me you know girl just but it is true
people have a very short attention span
you can see on your dashboard where
people fall off in your videos producing
your videos always put how you're gonna
do are the end results at the beginning
of your video especially if you're doing
hair or beauty tutorials do showcase
that at the beginning because people are
not going to wait eighteen or six or
even three minutes to see the end result
they want to see it at the beginning so
they know that they want to continue and
watch everyone does not get the option
to upload custom thumbnails right away
but it's not really a partnership thing
anymore either
they just roll it out to whoever one day
you'll log onto a YouTube account and
you will have a custom thumbnail option
use it create thumbnails that actually
are visual visually appealing and
showcase the content of your video do
not promote your YouTube channel on
other peoples pages especially since
google update it to hummingbird and that
therefore I push this whole Google+
thing on us which upgraded the comment
system on YouTube your video your
comment will already automatically end
up in spam on top of it it's annoying
it's whack and it's the worst way to
ever market yourself there's much more
valuable in organic ways to market
yourself then to ask people to watch you
or say hey come watch me I pay attention
to who frequently comments on my channel
so there's a lot more organic ways to
suggest that oh hey I've done a video on
a similar topic oh my gosh another
channel to build relationships by
genuinely engaging with other content
creators my last video talked about
science with networks you can watch that
here and I will link down below in
description box but also if you do
something to a network reach out to your
channel manager and ask them to pair you
with other channels that have some other
content that are signed to the network
all enter the technical aspects of the
video all right so you do not
necessarily need a SLR or DSLR camera in
order to produce you know I set it off
with a HD kind of like a kodak flip cam
that
me eighty bucks go on amazon.com do we
read the reviews people will also upload
video clips to show you the quality of
the video all I need to start with is
some sort of HD camera must use your
phone and then as your beginner option
please turn your phone this way to
landscape mode and not this way you can
get away with the iPhone and certain
Androids because they do have an cool
it's not is it HD quality I think it
might be it's good quality video that
you can get on here but just do it here
please we'll have to invest in some sort
of editing software that can range from
anywhere from fifty to a hundred dollars
I believe for a Windows max come built
in with iMac which is a great software a
tool but Mac's are also very expensive
so work with what you have in editing
your video my only real tip because
that's a whole other video unto itself
sixteen point nine aspect ratio that is
the most important thing you can do
sixteen point nine is the aspect ratio
of YouTube videos that is why my videos
fill out the entire frame of this here
but black bars on the side mean like a
TV from nineteen ninety eight aspect
ratio I don't understand recording a
video on an HD camera and then having
the bars down here sixteen point nine
aspect ratio you can set that in
whenever video editing software if you
use if you upload your video straight to
YouTube you can also set that on the
YouTube editing dashboard sixteen point
nine aspect ratio use YouTube to learn
how to edit your videos it is the best
resource you have your own the platform
already are trying to provide people
with different resources through your
own channel why not use the resources
that I knew I provided youtube.com
google.com literally if I ever have a
question my first inclination is to
Google it I will Google explicitly my
question how to do such-and-such in
Final Cut Pro which is the editing
software that I use learn and I've
evolved it is a learning process you
will get better with time it takes time
it is not going to happen overnight do
not compare yourself to other channels
in a negative manner
don't question in a negative manner why
someone else is more successful than you
I know it can be hard I've gone through
it myself I've been on YouTube for two
years and I
I've reached a medium level of success
I'm like right around 70 mm subscribers
but I feel like it's been a lot of hard
work for me and I think there's several
things going on namely the fact that my
hair is not of a naturally visually
appealing texture for a lot of people
you know so the topic for another day
but I've seen that people come on
YouTube in a short span of time and come
on here within the past eight months and
have beat me out by far with
subscriptions and scribers are great but
what I really care about is the amount
people that watch the videos that I put
up one because those videos take a lot
of time maintaining a youtube channel is
very difficult it will take a lot of
time management and organization and you
will be sacrificing some other aspect of
your life in order to constantly put out
content bottom line any way around that
um but I really do wish that I had a
higher engagement that you ladies would
take the time to watch the video yeah
views are much more important than
subscribers and in the same token you
have to remember that your success story
that the same of somebody else's success
success story and so everyone is
different you just have to stay focused
on you and what you're putting out if
anything watch other channels and be
inspired to do better on your channel
learn from what they're doing all your
the description box if you really like
somebody's video quality or what they're
doing in their videos check the
description box a lot of people put
their editing details or their camera
equipment or other things in the
description box start search anibus you
may ever talk about how they edit their
videos or and in tips our insight on
what they're doing to put out the type
of content that they are the last tip
which I will probably expand on and
another check video whether I do it this
month or when I continue this series as
as a once a month series but do not shy
away from using Google+ yes the way
Google forced Google+ on us this past
October was very frustrating of Google
coming out updating from penguin to the
hummingbird algorithm which completely
changed the way the that pages ranks and
and how SEO is done and it's very very
important to how your brand is
identified on the internet how it is
found and how your content is searchable
on YouTube Google+ is actually great for
community engagement content creators
more towards understanding who their top
followers are who is engaging them in
the most there's a thing on your content
creator dashboard that allows you to see
your top fans in order to do that you
have to put them all into a circle and
therefore follow all them on Google+
well it's really good at putting out
documentation on their products usually
in the matter of infographics and really
easy to read tutorials so look into what
Google+ is I know it sucks that you have
to do in order to be on YouTube but it's
something that you shouldn't highly be
doing if you want to create a brand that
goes far so just do it alright thanks
for watching tech Tuesday those are all
my tips so this essentially I'm doing a
tweet chat a technology tweet chat on
February 18th Macker I will be tweeting
for an entire that's like 30 minutes
I might go a little bit long in 30 on
technology I'll be answering some
questions but for the most part I'll be
giving more tips about the various
topics that I've already discussed in my
tech videos all right so find me on
Twitter February 18th
thanks for watching deuces
