it's Thursday so time for a new video
then be sure to check out jewels e.com
where I have a new schedule for my YT
videos I'll throw in an extra video just
about every week this month I'm focusing
on technology next month is my birth
month so it's moving on my extra special
and yes I'm recording all my videos for
this week and one night cuz girl god yes
let me pour me a glass of wine for this
one I've already poured Al Shiraz cheers
bitches o Queen cheers Queens that's
what I'm expecting how about this men
and natural hair tonight I get
frequently but not all the time and I
think that is largely because I think a
certain amount of you kind of already
know what my response is gonna be guess
I'll give you five seconds guess what
you think my swats gonna be about men
and their opinion on natural hair
have you commented already let me know
what you guys think I gave nothing
single about what any Negro who
walks his earth has to say about my hair
no take single one you know that
somebody had to get look none oh my gosh
have I ever had a Negro telling me that
I should put a relaxer in my hair or
straighten it yes one Negro had the
balls to say a touch to me and he was
suicided Mississippi so that pretty much
just counts all his opinions and really
he outs didn't have with him because he
was a matter of convenience and then I
was like mmm yeah Europeans really
matter anyway I enjoy you for other
things not your opinion so Babu and I
get that one YouTube there have been men
who have done videos about their opinion
and ice forever panel discussions and
events and workshops which we had men
come out and talk about the whole
natural hair movement and like it's all
I can make it's all because women seem
to care too much and it just BS like men
like what you like let me say it again
a Negro will like what you like if you
like your hair you are going to walk out
the house with a certain aura competent
every Negro is gonna love it it's all
about how you carry yourself I mean what
find interesting is that people will
make statements about what they don't
really care for what they want and then
somebody's gonna come change their whole
life and all of a sudden they love it
like a Solange who in all honesty is not
the mainstream standard of beauty I
think she's a gorgeous girl I'm trying
very kind of different appeal but men
still gravitate towards her because
she's part of the not a single Puffs
given club and she just radiates beauty
she radiates solemn thing and it's
attractive people to hard men like
confidence more than they like anything
else it doesn't matter if they say they
like the girl that doesn't have to wrap
her hair at night if all that
because I'm trying to curse last me
won't work on that but F all that you
know P is for power boo you got to pee
so don't even worry about what's on your
head do what you want to do I ain't
never in my life dub my hair cuz I
worried about some Negro not liking it
like wah wah you all
what I like and that's how I feel about
it oh let's let's talk on the flip side
with men with natural hair so for the
most part I'm not really here for that
either not that men can have long hair I
personally wouldn't everyday a man whose
hair takes longer to do than mine or
whose hair is longer than my and you
know I'm getting a dangerous territory
I'm getting close to dangerous territory
right now but uh sorry from like African
hair guy and I like him he's a young man
who has a natural hair channel he
genuinely gives tips on here okay like
you can learn a lot there's a lot of
technique in his videos all these men
that are coming out with long hair
talking about follow me on instagram cuz
i got long natural hair i'm on youtube
because i got long natural hair men are
genetically positioned hormonal e to
grow hair faster it's like it's the
scientific fact then that's why i got
time for it cuz i'm like whatever you
was are genetically blessed with that is
not good sidekick removal blue show me a
girl who did that show me a girl who
like kimi to Queen had no hair as a
child and then learn how to take care of
her own hair and then you know all of a
sudden had all these long luscious locks
but I'm not really here for this
testosterone swindle that knee goes is
doing I will be doing a live Q&A on
Wednesday February 26 from 7:30 p.m. to
8:00 Eastern Standard Time like me on
Facebook follow me on Twitter if you
dare you know it might be a little much
on Twitter and Instagram it's where I
live I give all my early details on
what's going on with my hair and me in
general thanks for watching be sure to
subscribe and hit that like button it
helps ladies it helps deuces butter
science and I don't understand where
we're contracting HIV out here without
bodily fluids being squats because I'm
just
