hey guys it's Julie and it is February
which means it is Black History Month
and in honor of Black History Month I
will be presenting a tech video every
Tuesday at 10 a.m. Eastern Standard Time
culminating with a tech tweet up the
third Tuesday of this month which would
be February 18th at 7:30 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time where I will be tweeting
some technology tips that delve into
creating your own online brand YouTube
and general things that I do at work
because I want developers now you might
be saying what does technology have to
do with honoring Black History Month
black people are the largest users of
the internet we get on things and they
become revolutionary Twitter black
Twitter Instagram Facebook even this
here YouTube platform where it may seem
like black folks just ain't winning as
content creators we are you just find us
we just really don't know how to use the
internet to our benefit which is why we
have crappy websites that are making
tons of money like Media Takeout and
world star hip hop oh I thought to do
tech videos to help my community learn
how to better use the internet for their
benefits as a follow-up to chessick
aleeah's video on how do youtubers make
money a great video which I left a very
long comment on and inspired me to start
this whole series
and to be talking exclusively about
partnerships and multi-channel networks
because there tends to be a lot of
negative connotations especially in the
black beauty guru silo with regards to
sign into a network and what that means
for your channel so before I get into
the good-good and give you all this info
start to change your life please go
check out my new video series I only
have one video currently behind the
Valencia filter hashtag BT VH has think
about it
first up I have Jovian Zayn she works at
Teach for America
Jovian is offering a ton of insight and
information to young people about not
just Teach for America but about
creating your own success and being you
and being comfortable in you
specifically chose her because she is
part of the Wunderland Society Janelle
mon√°e's collective who was like her
sister and of all people she could
definitely be stunning on Instagram and
social media like Christmas at the
Obamas but she is very humble and she
has chosen to pursue a career in
something that is not often considered
as glamorous when she could very well
ride on a damn bandwagon cuz you know I
would but I appreciate her strive and
her diligence in becoming a leader in
the nonprofit sector so go check that
video out it's inspiring it's awesome
right here and we've down below so let's
get in to this good good full disclosure
I am signed to be platform which is a
beauty silo for makers studio also known
as our p.m. and we will get into my
feelings on my network and my
relationship with them later on in the
video but I have been this is my second
network that I have been signed to and
my first network which was alchemy
Networks left me with a horrible
horrible horrible taste in my mouth
so also talked about how I got over that
so yeah thanks hmm Ted before there is a
lot of negative connotations
specifically in the black in the black
beauty guru silo around networks and
what it means for your channel and I
think a lot of that comes from the fact
that
just allowed for networks to come about
me me I feel like I didn't find out
about them until like two years ago the
early became popular and there was this
great rush to join networks and I feel
like everyone just kind of went and
signed up with a network because we all
thought that we were instantly gonna
make a ton of money and we would get
branding deals we become the next dulcis
candy or Michelle Phan quit our day jobs
and just become YouTube content creators
it's like that was it so a lot of people
ran into dealings and contracts that
sounded great but didn't really
understand what the terms meant and they
got shafted in the end
first things first networks cannot
control your channel without your
permission
matcha Meena any of the networks
literally YouTube once you do agreeance
sign the contract with a network YouTube
makes you read all day fine print you
had a sign like three full pages you got
a click on manage I agree I agree I know
yes I know like it's like 18 pages
through a time your channel over to a
network you way that a network is taking
control over your channel without
permission secondly please do not
respond or entertain these people that
are boxing you on your channel saying
like the random people that out of like
India and you go on their website and
you don't see any other channels that
look like you do your research
socialblade.com is a great resource not
only can you look up networks you can
look up other channels and see what
networks they're assigned to you can see
what their statistics are what they're
your own growth it's a great analytical
database that kind of gives you a little
bit more insight and information that
your YouTube dashboard does so do your
research the big deal with a
multi-channel network is that a
multi-channel network will sign a ton of
channels to their network and therefore
they can offer better CPM much money you
can get her ad showing per a thousand
views if your videos are not collect or
not
getting high views within the first one
to two weeks of you uploading it or they
don't go through growth spurts where
they collect like two thousand to five
thousand views in a span of in a within
seven days you're caught you're CPMs are
going to be rather low now if your
channel just stays holistically on
YouTube YouTube does not have a
dedicated sales team except for like
people that are like oh Michelle Phan's
level with like millions of subscribers
their sales team will help sell ads on
those channels and help them kind of
sign up to branding but the YouTube
sales team within respects to how big
YouTube is is extremely small YouTube
ain't thinking about the ads around
front of yo channel and how to upsell
them now signing to a network would help
to increase your CPMs because in theory
network will put you in a silo so I'm on
the platform which is a beauty silo at
makers and they will sell ad space
collectively for that silo so they it
really sell ad space for me amongst the
other people that are signed to the
platform and say hey your videos are run
on all these beauty channels this is our
demographics these are our numbers and
they upsell it and your CPM is increase
because now the per thousand of views is
look together a bunch of other channels
yes we all know that racially ambiguous
and the white women are winning on
YouTube but fair to put all that blame
on networks networks are not magically
come in and change where that everybody
else use YouTube and just make these
people successful it's kind of been like
that for a while and there are
successful black youtubers they just
tend to be in the comedy realm but even
in the natural hair and beauty sector
the black British girls are winning
according to their numbers they're doing
pretty well and so it's partly in that
the networks have come in and helped
certain channels gain more exposure yes
that's true it's large part of the
reason why I signed it makers because I
watched shameless Maya grow
exponentially since signing the platform
but also its location matters if you are
based in the city where your network is
it helps a lot
makers has offices in New York and in LA
so people that are based out of new
in LA tend to get a little bit more
opportunity than those of us based in
outer cities but it really is up to you
to make the most of it I travel often
and so I'll be at Fashion Week this
weekend and they have me doing some sort
of photos shouldn't with some skinny
girls and I got a big little gut I don't
want me to do our other things aside
from race that impact how your channel
is perceived and really don't allow your
race discourage you from pursuing better
options
I'm not trying to say that you should
not stay on YouTube holistically but
YouTube doesn't provide any real support
for you as a content creator especially
if you have less than a million
subscribers signing to a network that
one of the big things for me was getting
customer service dealing with the
Content ID struggle dealing with
copyright claims for stealing my videos
people coming on and harassing you on
your channel if someone Flags your
videos enough YouTube will just take
your channel down without any warning
that won't happen
sign to the right network and so there
were a lot of benefits aside just from
the monetization factor that went into
my decision was signing to a network
whether or not you decide to exclusively
sign to a network talk to some networks
see what they're offering ask questions
and negotiate reach out to other people
who are signed in the networks now that
doesn't mean that you go send a message
to it's my rayray about sign-in to the
platform find other people that are
signed in the platform that with are
within your demographic and within your
number range to see what their
experience is
rayray is but a different experience
from somebody with 15,000 to 30,000
subscribers on their channel so reach
out to other youtubers that have around
the same numbers and are offering
similar content as you and see what
their experience has been on the network
will not receive if you do not ask so
ask the worst that can tell you is no we
cannot offer that to you I asked a
billion and one questions asked for a
ton of things I got some of them I did
not get all of them I negotiated you
should't ago she a - if you do get to
the point of signing a contract read no
contract I know some of y'all don't even
like reading the description box but
you've got to read your contract and I
think that's where a lot of the
negativity is
coming nowhere in my contract does it
say that I'm going to be the next
Michelle Phan and generally speaking
because the network is doing work for
you behind the scenes and they are
upping your CP ends they do take a
percentage of your ad revenue it can
speaking for a lot of us in the regular
range ranges from 40 to 25 percent
unless you're doing real numbers no that
sounds daunting to say hey I'm gonna
give somebody 30% of my ad revenue for
me I can't disclose my percentage but I
have made more money signed to a network
than I have when I was getting a hundred
percent of my regular ad of my regular
YouTube because as I said before YouTube
is not selling the ad space exclusively
on your videos she Munich 8 with your
network if you do sign with a network be
upfront with them about your
expectations because I have been very
upfront and very vocal and I have a
great community manager I have a great
relationship on my community manager we
do talk often and I've been very
explicit about my expectations and what
I would like and what I think my network
can improve on specifically we're
dealing with the brown girls here on
YouTube I've been to the point that
before I sign to makers I explicitly
told them that I felt like they were
only dealing with racially ambiguous
girls and I didn't see anybody that
closely was really rocking for
african-americans Saturday Network
turned out they didn't have a few of us
find they just weren't doing a whole lot
with them and I mentioned this to them
and they tell me what's going on and how
they plan to better themselves at work
and I can say at least from my dealings
is that they have made a genuine effort
but that effort largely depends on how
much work you are willing to put in you
can that these people that are signing
networks and seeing a lot of growth are
putting in just as much if not more work
than their network to grow their channel
and so it's a partnership what questions
should you ask when talking to a network
you should ask them what are their plans
for growth in the coming year can they
give you example of another channel that
has some of their numbers when they sign
to the network and what their growth is
do they have any case studies what kind
of brand partnerships are they offering
please don't sign to a network just
because they talk a good game and
they're giving you oh and they're taking
a really low chunk of your ad revenue if
just gonna offer you deals with like you
know nuts and berries they're gonna send
you like kind bars in the mail you only
want to make sure that the brand
partnerships that can potentially be
offered are relevant to what you are
doing on YouTube they can connect you to
another content creator who be willing
to answer your questions see what it can
do so specifically with my dealings with
makers I low-key and very biased
I love makers private being Sunda makers
I was on alchemy I had the worst
experience ever and when I signed out to
me my dashboard did kind of sort of
disappear it wasn't all the way up to
date and it was chasing them not for my
money every month I had a really
horrible experience
fortunately makers has always made kept
your dashboard visible even prior to
YouTube making a requirement and they
also send me a pay stub every month to
let me know how much money I made and
what they taking of it and how that
works out and they also have a dashboard
that I can sign in exclusively with them
to see it what money I'm bringing in
from any exclusive brand deals I might
have with them and any referrals and
really like the transparency that makers
has offered they do they are making an
effort to be more inclusive and to do
more with people that are outside of LA
and New York and more of us brown girls
and they don't make any false promises
which is why I love them even more
because it's very easy we're gonna say
yes we can do this when I signed the
alchemy they gave me a contract that
said everything I wanted to say it was
amazing and then they did none of it
they did absolutely none of it they kept
up with nothing and so I appreciate so
much more when I say something to
somebody at makers about hey you know I
feel like you guys are great with doing
Beauty kind of IMAX but there are things
that are relevant to the black community
like essence festival and they said you
know what we haven't really been good at
that if you could help us out and you
know send us some links and updates we
have kindness with these companies we'll
look into it and see what we can do it
wasn't yesterday we're gonna find out
the essence of July it wasn't yes we're
absolutely gonna do this it was we will
honest answer and I appreciate that so
much more then it's so important if you
are interested in joining makers
I can't enjoy anybody's emails I have a
full-time job but I'm not a network
consultant but leave your questions down
below please don't care for responding
to personal emails because it's easier
for me to answer questions on a public
platform while other people have the
same questions might see them so I'm not
responding the same questions away on
times in a day but also when I do my
tech on February 18th I will cover
partnerships I will be tweeting for an
entire hour from 7:30 to 8:30 so I'd be
a great place to ask me more questions
and I will be tweeting or about the
technicalities of joining to a network
it's really not that complicated I think
it is a great opportunity to join no man
is the island and you really in order to
grow you need to have a team behind you
and I think it's a great opportunity for
growth but do your research so if you
were interested I have a link down below
where you can submit your info to makers
and the platform and I'll get back to
you let you know if your channels up for
being side of them I do get a referral
you know Commission that's not that much
but it's something any questions and you
in defining the makers you need to use
my languorous because I'm out here
spreading tobacco
so how was just out to and everybody can
collect commissions whoever refers
people to the chair to network most
networks have a referral bonus it's like
a job same thing same thing alright I
hope this helps
that's Tuesday I'll be giving you tips
finally on how to make your YouTube
channel kind of successful I'm not
always successful but I'm getting in
someone give you something much it's
what you can do to make a youtube
channel successful alright thanks for
watching
