how's my makeup thanks do you have
makeup on No
scoot back so they could see us yo
titties all up in the camera this is my
sister Tatiana
she lives in Atlanta who we mami on
YouTube she's gonna start a YouTube
channel eventually called Bui mommy sure
has a Facebook page maybe if I'm nice
I'll put the links down below I don't
think about it so we're gonna do the
sister day because like why not so it's
the list of 23 questions really and
we're gonna ask each other so how we're
gonna answer the questions okay
so first question is how old are both of
you them 25 I'm grown describe each
other in one word you go first
vibrance ditzy do you people ever get
you mixed up no never
we have like complete of a personality
offices and South and she's north okay
whatever
and we we look related but I don't think
we look exactly alike um in terms of
looks I'm saying what is something that
annoys you about one judgmental
judgmental wanting a sister you like for
me for me to have I grew up with you so
I think I have strong opinions but I
don't usually inflict them on others I
just know okay very opinionated and I
can't handle it's my personality uh I
just hide I'd make you cry yes that is
true
I what a noisy about you I think
sometimes you indecisive no cuz I think
I'm indecisive I think you amount to the
same thing y'all just be like oh I don't
know like y'all like oh I'll be like
y'all lazy with it like y'all are
mentally lazy
and sometimes it's just like but I know
you could do better you think oh I have
pregnancy brain no you know you just
gave up like you just mentally decided
that I'm not going to for everybody out
there with a child and who's the first
two months she will be educated once in
her life when she has a child whatever
but before me but before you had a kid
you'd be like oh that's not my forte now
it's a less pregnancy brain prior it was
oh that's not my forte that was always
your thing and you know who says it now
your mother oh that's not my forte what
is it like being sisters with a YouTube
guru I'm proud of her
that's cute I mean I don't think is
anything special she'd get some free
stuff from me I thought it I've gotten
free stuff from you what how many times
just thank me that I thought to give to
in the first place we Cal in there yeah
girl badmouth Lisa do you ever argue I
don't think you've ever had a
conversation when we didn't end up in
some sort of argument um what's the best
thing about one another
her opinionated nest does benefit me cuz
it helps me out a lot uh as I've gotten
older I've learned to appreciate it for
what it is I think the best thing about
you is that you are you have a bountiful
body what was the question what's the
best thing about one another
I like your titties and your booty I
wish I had some - you didn't donate I
wish I could do makeup but I can't stand
to do makeup well we were young we used
to stand in the mirror and look to see
if whose titties are going in I was
gonna be two to committee until like 16
and I'm sorry baby
go pump up ditch the dirt I guess were
supposed to say something about one
another dish the dirt well you wet the
bed till you were like 10 yes I did and
I got beans for it I don't know why
thank you it was horrible I will not be
my child theme okay so anyway is this to
do it on me you better think about what
you're gonna say
sure anything because I come back for
you
don't don't take it too far I play the
fifth
go ahead you'll be ditch a little bit
dirt you can throw some sand in there
don't get too muddy I mean I was thought
my sister halitosis
oh there my brush stank Benes forgive my
tonsils are real good you said my prep
spank and favorite inside joke we
weren't close until I moved away to
college
we're touchy feely that we're little
lesbian late but I think that's
thoroughly enjoy joke we just know
that's our family period we're just very
touchy feely we like to run each other's
breasts and butts I don't have much I
wouldn't constantly grab on mine so I
wish I had it and I just slap yours for
the fun of it favorite memory together
I'll go first when I remember my mom ate
when she had you in the hospital my
favorite memory with you would have to
be me convincing you that B we had a
strawberry patch in the back of our
house we're in pea and I convinced her
that the green part of the strawberry
had medicinal purposes and so therefore
we have I don't know Wyatt three I'm
like yes it's good please you eat the
green part of the strawberry because you
were old enough to go in the back and
like walk around the yard living but my
dad saw the picture of us I had
convinced her to eat the entire
strawberry like take the straw but eat
the vine and everything and there's a
picture of us like red and green on our
face because I had convinced I was
liking with later on in life that the
certain types of grass that go in our
yard with vindaloo onions like in the
front yard so that's my favorite memory
I just thought I was mischievous as to
why the strawberry packs because that's
all I can think I just think we remember
having the whole cover
about it and then also when you spit up
on my favorite night yeah you just mean
to me always will go ahead what's your
favorite memory together I don't
remember this but you tell me I jumped
on the bed
oh and then I got to play yeah we always
take a nap and I hate taking naps and so
I always like find a way like not really
go to sleep and then my dad would come
in the room and I was fake sleep and so
I think he had just gotten so tired to
me fake sleeping day he heard somebody
for what I was actually taking a nap
this fool wasn't watching on the bed he
just came in and was like beat him you
know with a clear sleep oh this oh god
away and then but John he realized that
he was beating the wrong one I got me my
sleep because of your family my fate no
my favorite my reason we've gotten older
being able to just go out and hang out
with you and party and just have a good
time and then I've always messed with
the evening by saying something dumb and
Johnson gets whatever yes I can't but
and getting mad at me and just everyone
say evening but my favorite memory is
hanging out with you at the club that's
it it's just interesting that is your
favorite memory why later on tonight I
came out and told me you can hang out
with me no more crazy I was crazy you
told me okay going on next full sisters
half a step we are the same parents full
sisters guess each other's favorite
singer I really could not guess that
John Legend in the re it Cindy IRA yeah
your Center by the way is Erykah Badu
but that's cuz I'm like her personality
really my favorite album by her as mamas
but if I had to take like a favorite one
it would be here good but I have like a
slew of people that I really like who
takes longer to get ready I do
pants tan I don't wear me technically
she takes longer because now if there's
a baby involved so it's always been
waiting for her doubt but yeah mmm heels
are flat flat well depends is there some
am I trying to get chose like oh well I
choose heels and flats like I'll wear
the heels and pack the flats and if I go
through and I see ain't nobody workin my
time that put the flats on if the room
full of women
I'm putting the flats on but if I see
this somebody that might caught my eye
then I keep the heels on if I'm going
out with my husband I wear heels because
my husband is six five must be nice and
Jamaican a blue pants or dresses it
depends on the mood because if I'm on my
period I'm tired I rather wear pants
because I don't know I'm just I'm gonna
say pant but I have try to wear more
dresses since crossing become a doubt so
because sorority stuff you kind of have
to always wear like a dress or a skirt
so I have to be more conscious and I
think I do look good in like you know I
like a line dresses but if I had a
choice it would always be pants well I
was probably I worked a lot of dresses
favorite animal I'm allergic
my favorite animal I did a project in
elementary I'm koalas and for whatever
reason if I could have a pet it would be
a koala yeah if I could have a pet it
would be a man that's all if your house
was burning down and your entire family
was sure to be okay what would you save
and why am I in the house everything
else can be bought a game like this a
material object obviously I would like
my ID my social security card because I
have to make sure I don't you think
I don't know that's weird like my credit
cards my mic nothing comedy-horror or
chick flick how about a comedy chick
flick neither I like documentaries in
like foreign films are like layered like
oh man nah man I'm a musical this is
movie that came out that was the nominee
for Best Foreign time whatever hashem
and i and it was based on the Westbank
it was like a palestine is really film
but it was it was nominated through
Israel and I always forget the name of
it and it starts with the a whatever I
don't know I just have some movies I
like and especially Bollywood some oh
man I'm sorry I'm sorry
shake like cuz Bobby's the most bottle
of movies are chick flicks okay this is
why this question pistachios day because
st. BlackBerry your iPhone when really
it should be like Android iPhone and you
have my Android and I have an iPhone so
Android I'm not technical
technologically advanced favorite movie
what's your favorite movie ever after
what's my drew Barrymore it's a
Cinderella story I could watch it over
and over no no no Morgan I don't know
why I just loved it
mine's is the Eternal Sunshine of the
spotless mind 12 you asleep
everybody 0 see it's just great she
don't see it might be yeah yeah one of
my favorite movies but it's depressing
so I'm gonna watch it a lot
what is something weird that you eat hmm
ginger snaps and sharp cheese that's the
bomb that's good but that's not grammar
ain't bad and I also I was weird when
she my mom said that I stride and I was
like oh my gosh she's so good I also put
honey mustard on everything as of lately
I put honey mustard on my jerk chicken
the other day and I just felt so
American it was kind of refreshing
anyways my weirdest thing to eat is
everything cuz you
everything anyone you're just a hungry
monster used to wake up in the morning I
was back in the day interview school at
7:20 this new age issue class at 9 a.m.
we went to school UV homerooms over to
728 and this will be in the kitchen fire
clock in the morning I'll make a French
toast with you we get free lunch why he
just that's processed food what so fresh
this in the kitchen
do you guys have anything matching I
don't when we grew up we do we might
have with matching roller skates yeah
mines are busted Oh snowman we had those
that bought the press what's your
favorite TV show TN Tamara you watch
cable ice oh my gosh what a child I
would I also might do the floor
something do every day oh my god my
favorite TV show Breaking Bad pretty
much three favorite shows that oh wait
there's another show the elementary and
perception oh my gosh I love those two
they're awesome and I think that's it
that's the sister tag well then as
interesting as I thought you were know
we're very bling I'm not boring you're
just tired
yes you love me though
cuz you'd only sister I have okay
this obligation is never cute just you
know know how to go with it
don't try me this is my head filming
miles likes it
yes he does he was grabbing off the
thing I saw the the wig at one tight
well the ways that on but I told the
hair on the way cap tight because that
little monster was just pulling on it
alright
I asked are trying to catch this 11:28
thanks for watching guys
