hey guys it's Jules Eve the head smart
brown girl in charge and I've been
meaning to do this video for a minute
but I feel like I'm so old and a bit
removed maybe this will help someone
who's either in college or about the
start college this fall or is just
figuring out how to prepare and you know
in general B discussion for black women
who find similarities in my college
experience and I you know I wanted to
open up this discussion because we are
so often trained to absorb trauma and
high levels of stress as though they're
like everyday experiences like issues
regular you know pursuing higher
education as a smart brown girl can be
traumatic so let's just get into it and
for those graduating from any program
grab a smart brown girl decal and rock
it with pride all right brown girl t
what a pillow for your dorm we gotta do
well so I need to give a little bit of
background about how I've left I grew up
in New Castle Delaware
my family is Jehovah's Witnesses so I
didn't grow up with a lot of black
leadership or just images of black
leadership outside of what I saw on
television in the late 90s early 2000s
Jehovah's Witness religion wasn't really
encouraging secular education as they
term it um I wonder if they even still
print that book questions young people
ask and miking them all which is what
they call their church most of my peers
went to a vocational high school and in
high school my first year I initially
went to one it wasn't hit in so I
transferred because I realized they
didn't offer AP classes that would help
me get into the college programs I was
interested in my mom who is from
Brooklyn had always said that I could
choose the high school I wanted to go to
until she start working for a Nigerian
doctor who put a bug in her ear about
math and science not only did I a child
who went to a School of the Arts for
middle school and majored in music I do
play several instruments have to go to
forum of advancement for minorities and
engineering for summer camp in middle
school after making honor roll like for
why when I left del castle
to go to my local high school William
Penn my mom renig and had me tested get
into I don't even know if still call
this to charter school at Wilmington it
was definitely a math and science focus
charter school and Here I am being
pulled from Penn to go to charter my
sophomore year of high school and I was
miserable so miserable that my mom let
me go back to Penn and finish my last
two years of high school so this is the
context into which I entered college
ended up at the George Washington
University in Washington DC because they
gave me the most financial aid and I
wanted to major in technical theater but
I didn't really have the resources to
apply to art schools as they are
notorious for not giving financial aid
and I didn't really have a technical
theater portfolio like I'm the child of
jobs and this is from Delaware what
theater lighting program was i working
on I just knew that I wanted to light
black folks I had seen the Lion King on
Broadway and the way the light design
was used as part of the costumes I
wanted to do that and I was just always
interested in the arts and GW had a
professor in the theater program who did
light production for the Grammys which
is one of the few things in the early
2000s that did heavily feature black
folks so I plan on doing a whole video
on what I would tell my 16 year old self
to address more of what I would have
done differently particularly around how
I decided where to go to college but it
was predicated on well two point five
things one I would have studied
technical theatre and the arts - I want
to be a Delta okay
the three is that I have performance
anxiety and the idea of taking a shit or
you know passing the do's you know Cohen
use in the bathroom and public bathroom
setting where it's like a shared we do
all these showers at the bathroom at the
end of the hallway girl comput air
literally little yes that's weighted my
decision where I went to college and
received a full ride to Temple but that
was way too close to home and my like
practically lives across the street so
there was no way I would
able to ever mm-hmm it was no way I
would have been able to pledge
epsilon-delta there
Howard they give me enough money spell
me gave me a partial scholarship I ate
resi use because I definitely knew of
the ones in the Maryland Delaware PA
area and they were just too close to my
house because I want to be Delta or they
were just in the boonies a melon will
nowhere like Eastern Shore which is
ain't nothing to do out there but get in
trouble they'll stay had a syphilis
outbreak my senior year of high school
bro I didn't know a fam you and Bethune
Cookman I am a Sneed Baker Culpepper
Proctor that's all my dad's lineages
meaning I'm damn near related to
everyone from Quitman Georgia on down to
Leon County Jefferson County all over to
even a little slice to Duvall like that
northern Enclave around Tallahassee I
like if you from near you basically my
cousin and I was not intending on being
single over the aversion for my entire
college experience so who shot goes with
that cousin not me now i and then i
marriage who graduated from bassoon is
the manager at chick-fil-a and every
other family member who I knew that had
attended bassoon none of them had
graduated so and thus I ended up at
George Washington GW if I could do it
all over again I would have never
stepped foot on that campus was just a
trash experience through and through
first
I lived in a freshman dorm that was the
second most sexually active dorm in the
country and I don't even know who
calculates those sort of lists
but I had a quad we did have
housecleaning that cleaned our bathroom
once a week I think all my roommates
were this white girl from Cherry Hill I
don't even remember her name then Malik
Malik who was Syrian from upstate New
York and Priyanka who was definitely an
Indian American princess from northern
New Jersey wait girl not a problem
Brianna was bumping pelvic bones with
the white boy from the one dorm room
over every chance she got until she
realized in DC the Indian and
middle-eastern crowd is wealthy and they
owned a lot of popular clubs then she
suddenly buy her orange and green flag
but before that they would be sexing in
the middle of the day and I was not
gonna carry around my books all day just
to convenience her sex schedule so I
don't care what sign was on the door yes
2 p.m. before my psychology class I'm
walking in to drop off my art kit and
whatever else I had on me and cook up my
psychology books to make it to class on
time I don't care what you doing I
started college in the fall of 2003 that
was what two years post 9/11 and Malik
was adamantly refusing her Syrian Muslim
heritage she was by earth an earth
American and she resented the ish out of
her mother who was paying for her to go
to school at a school that cost 50 mm ah
the yeah your mama is paying I think she
didn't ever say I got here on my own
dime look at her lavish way Malik was
just very anti identity politics through
and through it bothered the hell out of
her that I was very black and proud or
that I had a mostly black friend circle
at first you know we all got along
enough because I just let a lot of their
ignorance roll off my back and I wasn't
used to the idea of children of
immigrants being xenophobic or I don't
know did they have enough power for me
to claim that was racist
I wasn't expecting a diverse set of
roommates who were essentially children
of immigrants to hold such bigoted
viewpoints and so I didn't really know
how to process
what I was encountering with Priyanka
and my league you know I have my own
ignorance to work through I definitely
own the marcus garvey sure that i loved
at the time and I had just read James
Baldwin's Giovanni's Room and I delight
of it I I just really didn't understand
so you know I had things to learn what
set things off I believe it was like
there was this Club dream I don't even
think I thought it was called at the
time but that's what I remember it as
cuz it eventually turned into club dream
right off of New York Avenue Priyanka
had hopped off a white boys dick long
enough to kick it with her Indian
peoples like somewhere in that social
circle
someone was part owner of this club and
she wanted us to come with her now me
being 18 going to the club really wasn't
on the top of my priorities but I agreed
to go with her and miserable ass Malik
but then I canceled when my black
homegirls hit me up to go out with them
to a house party at Howard a much better
decision okay also at the time I was
still making an effort to the other
Kingdom all and I prayed often at least
every night before I went to bed now I'm
I don't I don't pray out loud not out
loud prayer it would they were just like
you know be like you're going to bed and
they would try to talk to you I be like
hold off on praying give me a minute and
for whatever reason they took issue with
that so after I can't so going on to the
club Priyanka and Malik decided to
address me and Priyanka starts on this I
don't understand why you're so hung up
on identifying yourself as black and I'm
just like well if people are looking for
me
why wouldn't we just say the black girl
someone doesn't know my name and they're
trying to describe me when the easiest
thing be to deduce my race I'm like one
of like seven black girls in this entire
dorm okay
what I took issue with the fact that I
only hang out with my black friends and
I'm not making time to get to know them
and like I don't need to defend my
identity or personal beliefs to you then
I started on this whole thing about you
don't celebrate any holidays you need to
appreciate being a merry kid and I look
at that Priyanka like miss you Hindu why
are you worried about holidays I
celebrate happy Diwali you wouldn't let
your kids go on an Easter egg hunt I'm
what kids you don't even practice
Christianity what is Easter what was a
start then that like pops in and it's
like believing in the Bible is dumb
I believe in the federalists docum I was
I was I was 80% on my way to being a
casual Christian okay I have never worn
my religion on my sleeve and yes
struggle witnesses do proselytize they
do knock on people's doors this point I
did sign language at this point in time
I was going to the death Kingdom Hall by
guy you dead I was not speaking out loud
about my religion or my faith at all all
they knew is that for Christmas I wasn't
planning on going home because my family
doesn't celebrate Christmas and that I
definitely no celebrate Thanksgiving
even my Nigel was witness family they
don't celebrate Thanksgiving we don't
celebrate the colonisers holidays year
the colonizer all right I'm looking at
this child like the federalist documents
I remember crystal clear saying to her
Hamilton and James Madison are who you
put your faith in to really do you know
what that white men did do you know what
the white men thought of yokan and my
kind really I don't need to judge that
so don't worry about what I believe in
then it was something like if you're so
hung up on being black why don't you
just go to Howard you're really only
here because of permit of action
I do not remember exactly what came out
my mouth I probably could look it up
because I was sitting at my desk when
they were talking to me and I got my
James Comey on and I was typing
everything they said and when I was
responding back to them it's it's on an
old blog post I could like pull it up if
I was that into it but I promise you I
did not curse I did not get loud because
when people attack me like that I tend
to get very monotone and calm but I
definitely handed them their immigrant
betraying asses on a platter and then
left and proceeded to only speak to all
white crowd believed her name was Julie
my white woman and ignore the existence
of Malik and Priyanka
so then Malik and Priyanka went and
reported me after I started ignoring
them when reported me to the RA now gene
help you they weren't called Ras and I
really don't remember we called them so
whatever
now our floor RA was a short Brazilian
grad student and I think his name was
Rudy and Brazilians be just as confused
about racial identity and white
supremacy as white Americans
so of course Rudy the white passing
Brazilian took their side when they
reported me because they were scared of
me I filed a counter grievance with
housing and school administration
because I wasn't getting any sort of
support for money I have my Comey memo
transcribed to say this is what these
girls said to me this is a problem at
the time I don't have the language or
the words to really say call it what it
was like they were being xenophobe ik
towards me but um or the bigotry that I
was experiencing like you know me I
didn't know what that was like I didn't
have that the whole process I had no
support I remember talking to my dad and
he's like just turned the other cheek
I'm like mice and then the school was
just like because a girl they're
uncomfortable we're gonna move you and
the move wasn't the problem
it was that it was positioned as I made
them uncomfortable and brought if social
media was a thing in 2003-2004 Monica
so then I was moved into another dorm
with three white girls
one was Amy who was like this sure
little girl from Colorado nuts and
berries tight white girl ate her granola
every morning and was like the
persistence is ahead of the boat for the
rowing team on the men's rowing team at
that and then Lauren this white girl
from Nassau County Long Island's and
then Sarah a Jewish girl from
Poughkeepsie me and Sarah got along
great Sarah was like also a little
chubby we still friends on Facebook you
know lo and behold Sarah came from money
because I went strawberry picking with
Sarah on spring break I visited Sarah
and her family was it Rosh Hashana
something we went strawberry picking it
up in she's not even put tipsy it's a
city north of Poughkeepsie that I'm
forgetting the name of him she's doing
like a really small town and all I know
is I went to her house and our huge
house her grandparents had a huge house
right next door and it was an elevator
in the house was the first time for
somebody house somebody house what an
elevator in it I move into this second
dorm room after the whole issue with the
Syrian and the Indian and Lauren the
white girl I was she from Nassau a
Suffolk County girl one of them County
he says to me out her mouth I really
don't have any representation of what
black women are other than Sita from be
et you have a meseta the cartoon
character that used to introduce music
video song about yeah
do Laureen used to blast Billy Holladay
Billy Holladay cause she thought she was
culture and I'm looking at her like you
don't know no representation of black
women other than a cartoon character and
mm and this point is for really and so
I'm like well they're not gonna move me
again and I'm over this
and then so I ended up having to take my
time with Lauren and educate her on how
to interact with black people and how to
not be a racist essentially and then my
core group of friends at GW stopped
talking to me to this day I do not know
why they stopped talking to me and it
was only like two people in that group
who I was really friend friends with it
was acting who I had made friends with
before I even started at GW and then
there was this other girl Vanessa and
then it was Vlad this Haitian kid from
Jersey and they had wiped his white
roommate
I think name was John Vanessa was just
very blue jean I was very undone and so
I knew that our friendship always kind
of hinged on the fact that I was friends
with that we brought friends with actin
like that was the connector but yeah
that whole crew has suffered a Danny
Kaye stopped talking to me and then I
never really I'm just like well what
like what do you say and then a Danny
Kaye stopped talking to me and I guess
vote Mesa Lee because of the fact that
they weren't talking to me and so II was
just
a conflict the interest for her that's
everything that I went through my
freshman year and then as far as
academics way um I was the only black
person in the theatre department and we
weren't studying or reading things where
I was reflected at all they did Catcher
in the Rye
I believe my freshman year and I just
was not interested in the antiquated
nonsense of what black people could be
casted as in that play then the black
student and leadership was largely just
very rude to me the n-double-a-cp
chapter was headed up by a white boy and
there was a black house a black house I
definitely remember trying to find a way
to be active on campus with the black
walk crowd and most of those guys are
still around
um the black house guys one of them even
dated feminista Jones and I still
believe to this day he's probably fully
ish but none of them were really kind to
me
none of them this would be a three-hour
video if I really got into semantics of
all the drama that I incurred while
attending GW but I tried to run for a
position at the Black Student Union and
they changed the bylaws after the vote
so that executive members could hold
multiple executive roles because before
that it was like if you you could only
hold one position on the e board and so
I had ran for like treasurer or
something silly and then they flip it on
they change the rules just so that
someone like myself could not sit on the
Executive Board it's not the Colgate
that really really really really put a
bad taste in my mouth because they do
who dated feminista Jones was president
the BSU and we had a whole conversation
about me trying to be active in what my
goals are he's like yeah I'm gonna
support you
he just wanted he's his goal to be a
politician so maybe he'll get there one
day but you know what does it take to be
a politician
you gotta learn how to bullshit and he
did it very well and I was constantly
just not supported I feel like there was
like this air of like belief that I was
wasting my time being an art major and
folks just looked down on me I mean the
school is known for international
affairs and
and political science well we went the
poli-sci program International Ferris
CNN was on our campus was just obviously
the big thing you know with my corporate
friends stopped talking to me and then
you know I made new friends but my
homegirl was just super dramatic and
going through the whole wavelength of
having a home girl who somehow thought
she liked the power for pussy was gonna
make a man fall in love with her girl it
was a lot it was light and I didn't
really have support agw my freshman year
and then I had a panic attack I had a
panic attack at my second semester at
the beginning of the semester because I
was walking into Italian class and I
just started screaming and I would go to
Italian class late come on my professor
didn't care she'd be like echo a lot bad
always talk about my hair um cuz I
shaved my head and I knew I had did the
big chop my freshman year of college cuz
I got it blonde and then you know what I
didn't go to you know broke college soon
ish well I like walk into the class lady
and then like I feel like a scream
Carling up and I can't stop it so I mean
II like turn back around run in the
classroom run down the stairs and I'm
like hands over my mouth like screaming
and I just can't control and I like
screaming crying and sobbing and I
didn't even have a cell phone at this
point in time because my cousin or Ronde
stole my phone at my graduation party
when I left my purse in the living room
of my house my house and my mother for
whatever reason thought it was wise to
prove a point and like punish me
essentially for leaving my stuff around
but I literally left my purse and I had
the chair that I left my person in my
living room it's looking right at me
this is to be the chair in our house I
left my purse in this chair in our
living room at my graduation party and
my old cousin my own cousin dug his
hands into my purse and stole my cell
phone
that's some nigga ish so I started my
freshman year college with no phone this
is his phone just BS through and through
like my freshman year was some trash
really emotionally that entire year just
I was not in a good space and I was not
surrounded by goodness came that summer
and I got an internship at a African
American theatre house in DC and we put
on Ernest Gaines his book a lesson
before dying I was a play we put on that
was a really good experience and I
stayed with my homegirl over by Catholic
my fall semester sophomore year I
decided because I didn't want to lose my
scholarship at GW to go through their
consortium program and take as many
classes as I could at Howard my fall
semester of my sophomore year and so my
last semester at GW I took all but one
class at Howard University and it was
very difficult because at the time there
was no pool so getting from by the white
house up to you Street Shaw area um it
just wasn't it wasn't convenient I
definitely probably I think I got a D I
was taking a chemistry class at GW
definitely did not pass that class
because making it back to lab was
impossible um my sophomore year I lived
in Fulbright wit latisha with a black
girl from the Democratic Republic of
Congo she had a huge DRC flag and hung
up in our room and used to boil plantain
for breakfast which I thought was so
weird because I believe you could only
fried plantain well whatever she thought
that many pancakes was funny
and she would be on to patrice lumumba
and we was cool and I was just so
tickled that her dad really made her
change her major from international
affairs to engineering because I'm like
international affairs like that's like a
real career like what that was
interesting and then she was part of a
prosperity preaching church and I just
thought it was so weird that you know
we're all struggling college students
and she was sitting here trying to raise
money for our pastor to get a lambo for
his 50th birthday yeah she was awesome
hearted that worth the weight movement
which I was definitely still a virgin in
college
I just wasn't really trying to wear that
on my sleeve like it wasn't for every
but it wasn't to be announced I wasn't
ashamed of it at all
but I didn't like what a weird over
people's heads but you bought wear G who
plays Molly when insecure went to GW and
was in worked away and a lot of the
girls my year within my class you know
took part in that because of Yvonne and
the way I ended up transferring fully
and just taking the al because GW was
just such a miserable place for me and I
felt like I didn't have any support and
I had gone to the head of my theater
program at GW and was trying to like
talk to her about my lack of support and
what my goals were ambitions were to see
there would like some resources that I
could pull from now Kerry Washington
graduated from a theater program at GW
this is way before scandal this is 2004
bruh Carrie way and so like any time
you've been whisper black everyone wants
to bring up Kerry Washington and I'm
like she's like five six years older
than me like way I'm here now and
where's the support and the director was
like well you're a colored girl that's a
colored girl you just have to let some
of these things go and I deal with a
Kerry Washington graduate of here this
woman called me a color girl in 2004 and
I was like because I'm colored what and
at that point it's realized this is not
this is not gonna work this is not gonna
work um I did do a production of four
color girls who's considered suicide
when the rainbow is enuf some of the
black girls at GW form like a theater
house a theater thing company and put
that on it's all I got my Lynn Whitfield
on with the orange butterfly that aqua
sequence it cost to incite bosoms that
was a fun experience and I definitely
learned about my hair because I had gone
up to one of the Trinidadian girls Abbey
and asked her how she got her hair to
curl like that and everybody laughed at
me because she was like it just grows
like that and I had literally thought
that I was doing something wrong with my
hair because it would not curl and
that's how I learned
that no my hair is just actually not
being that's okay
Wow and so then I transfer it to Howard
not before my homegirl Tosh and homeboy
Alejandro sat me down and told me that I
was ruining my life and going nowhere
and why would I leave a top-tier program
like GW to go to Howard that's crazy but
even though that one semester at Howard
is the most it's a significant amount of
my student loan debt the best experience
of my entire college trajectory because
it just to be around that level of
blackness I at GW really kind of
floundered in my black identity and not
feeling like I belonged anywhere and
then having grown up in Delaware which
is like you know the suburbs of Philly
and everyone's trying to like put on
this hood mentality in order to fit in
this very small minded viewpoint of what
it meant to be black to see diversity
amongst my people was just such a
beautiful thing
and I worked on the radio show at Howard
I had a radio show I was like the
eclectic hours playing Jay Davey is who
not thought I was on my musicality and
stuff I got an internship with fader
magazine and cornerstone promotions and
you know my most fruitful friendships
from college are from Howard I had a
shitty crappy living experience at
Howard because the administration the a
building just is horrible you really
have a copy of all yo stuff I'm gonna
stay on top of them and to get things to
go through but I might live in a house
behind the Howard hospital with a scammy
ass roommate like you know like I'm
still cool with a good amount of the
people who I went to Howard with I've
been able to do business with them like
is the way my life has gone like I just
like that was if I could do it all over
again breath I would have taken my
behind UHPC you okay but financially
there was really just no way for me to
stay at Howard even though my most
long-lasting and fruitful relationships
came from that very very brief period in
life so after interning with Cornerstone
I decided I wanted to work in the music
industry because I couldn't
or the software and the tools needed for
my art classes and to pursue an art
degree Howard is a BFA program which is
a little bit more top notch than a BA
arts program and I just at that time
there was no Adobe cloud-like who's
buying Photoshop who who's getting this
who's getting this MacBook for me who
and so I figured I could merge my love
of culture with marketing and then
shifting the culture of the music
industry and I decided to take my refund
check that's the biggest mistake as we
see using stop the refund checks Wow PW
I don't do refunds x GW at least did not
do refund checks Howard did so I took my
little 9 K why did I get a refund check
for 9 K who does that and use it to move
to New York a week before finals and
then couldn't afford to get back to DC
to take my finals so I definitely Loki
flunked out of Howard that's the mess
they're not the smartest decisions but I
have moved to New York because I
realized I could not afford to intern
during the summer like how was I gonna
get to New York live in New York as an
intern not getting paid and like be able
to climb my way up into the music
industry and this is part of I had a
very severe case of destination syndrome
because I did not have the role models
or view of black leadership in these
spaces that I wanted to exist in to
understand the practicality of patience
and staying committed and like you know
allowing things to come to fruition and
I moved in with my salmon ass roommate
and I took a lot of advice from her
about where to go to school at in New
York because I really didn't understand
the City College structure in New York
and the prevalence of associates
programs and essentially community
colleges in New York and so I initially
enrolled at City Tech because I figured
out if I lived in New York full-time I
could intern and then I could get like a
side job to pay for rent and everything
and like you know hustle my way through
interning we're just trying to do that
like for three months in like how with
what coin okay then once I got in the
end I realized the program was and that
I just wasn't gonna take classes that
really challenge me intellectually
I left that program and then I tried to
I think I applied for like Baruch one of
the top tier city college programs but I
didn't know how to ask for help and so I
got caught forging a recommendation and
that was the end of that and I just
decided that I was gonna focus on
working in the music industry and then I
would become an honorary Delta because I
was going to become the black Julie
Greenwald and get hired by Atlantic
Records and like become an executive by
26 and when that didn't happen quick
enough and quick enough for me with like
two three years I decided to go back to
college just so I could pledge Delta and
I specifically went to a college that
was within the charter of the local
citywide chapter I knew I did not want
to cross on the Brooklyn chapter because
that would be a reactivation line and I
didn't want to do that
and um Queens was too far and so the
next chapter was in Manhattan in Bronx
City why chapter and so I made sure my
school was in their charter and it was a
school that happened to be right next to
it a fader magazine even though I was no
longer working there at that point I was
working at the Apple Store and interning
for a fee Opia at the Universal Music
Publishing Group yeah I crossed my
senior year ended up graduating with a
degree in sociology from Toro College
which is a college run by Orthodox Jews
it's kind of like a Milhouse really you
don't like you know what like what tests
you need to get in it's this like it
wasn't really a good like it was a BS
College and I have a BS college degree
and that's just what it is
um I literally have a B no I have a BA
in sociology but you know at or out is
on a mission to find my scholarships to
service and I can't really talk too much
about my experience coming into Delta
because discretion mm-hmm ain't nobody
get a letter snatched but to be frank I
don't really have a lot of positive
things to say about that experience
I think I constantly through my process
of education been chasing after support
you know like there's this idea that you
were supposed to teach me total you need
a mentor you need a mentor you need a
mentor and I just was never the type of
black girl that could get a mentor you
know I didn't talk correctly I didn't
come from the right knees I didn't have
the right names behind me I didn't know
the right people but family didn't go to
a big church I wasn't bougie enough you
know to get these to get these black
women in higher places that would want
to take me in and like take a risk for
me cuz so like it was just like the type
of black woman that I am you don't see a
lot of I'm in respectability politics
really it just was really hard for me to
navigate my college decision and be able
to make choices that would really help
me in the long run anything you know
coming into Delta the disappointment and
like I don't have a special or have I
special anybody after um and that's not
a good feeling and so constantly trying
to find some points of like genuine
support I don't know by the time that I
graduated in June 2009 yeah start at
College in fall 2003 I should have been
class of 2007 I took two years off and
then graduated in June 2009 um now I
have a great network that I can tap into
and so we are getting there and it's you
know it's a beautiful thing going to how
it was great becoming a delta
you know stressful as it was that we
helped and that's that a lot of these
experiences have laid the foundation for
smart brown girl and I know a lot of us
carry our insecurities on our shoulders
and allow that to color the life choices
that we make let me know if you have any
questions maybe there's something I can
elaborate on more in another video and
tell me what was the best and worst
moments of your college experiences
leave a comment down below and don't
click out cuz you gonna watch those
smart brown girl video weekly Auto
here and of course you know you know
what you can also do shot smart brown
girl I might have a look at you punko
for you down in the description box
below
