hey guys it's Josie I got some new hair
my heat and we bus until get ready with
me while I sip a cocktail I always drink
alkaline water and I ran out and I need
to get this video done before I go to
Whole Foods and get more water so the
next logical step was just to have a
cocktail I guess I could clink clink
clink I mean it's not as hard also
oh wait we're not doing proper marketing
here let me back up the camera wow we
got to market the brand though let have
a posh smart closet I think this isn't a
video before but I am adding new items
to it I have the app it's here on my
iPad it's an app that you can download
on oh can you see it though hey girl
whatever okay so that I have a closet in
the end let's see you can focus on my
classic what I got in there right now I
can't overlook marketing for smart
ronger at the top I have a closet with
some items I'm gonna be adding more
items I'm not as fashionable as like
Jackie ie nough whose climbs down Shores
like poppy you know is that probably no
finish - it would be no fashionable but
like six I tend to buy a lot of gowns
for events that I only wear like once or
twice so that's no see without me
putting up in here and then size 11
shoes that I bought was like can't walk
it down low the app I keep it on my iPad
and it's a great way to like sell stuff
in your closet I actually found out
about Poshmark from my home girl who I
follow on snapchat
Alysia who was like boy oh let me make
some coin but let the incidence I am
going to do a video today because I see
everybody's doing this I tried so and
so's makeup tutorial so it's Black
History Month so we accordingly
following a black girl's tutorial
originally I have wanted to do Jackie
because I'm feeling like with this new
hair this new race frontal I'm trying to
get the least about right now so hence
the heavy I don't think it's because
gonna do that my fixedness I initially
was gonna do Jackie but I'll probably do
her next week we got a week left black
history month to make the best of it and
I follow Sandra Bullock's tutorials in
real life so I think that would make
sense and then
when I asked on Twitter he was a tiara
Monet who I love as well so I was like
you know what maybe this next week we'll
just do a week of get ready with me and
I follow Sawa so go when a chick was
there Mexico
she put her bag down with and the
backpack all it had in it was my makeup
it just had my little clear case a
makeup and because you know we like it's
a beige stop Mexican with a good sense
and that's a little bit of melanin
Langley on our baits got all my glue
makeup boy I have to say this is my
Sephora Pro warm palette and so I had to
find looks that will fit within the
eyeshadows that I have cuz again to
repeat myself
I'm blessed by Laura eyeshadow speaking
of blessings when I was in LA Deepika
who I should totally follow on her
tutorials she not black but she Brown I
went to her house when I was in LA and
she gave me some makeup so I I'm talking
like I couldn't afford to buy new makeup
and I bought the legit put on this Dior
foundation alright we're gonna do the
natural matte smokey eye cider is a lot
of girl well why don't even got the
beret I could put on like her okay so
Sonia almost at the beginning of all her
videos it goes in with her fingers does
she not prime I guess the business a
prime oh wow
but she has her own I forget who the
collab is with but it's like an
illuminator so I have Deepika gave this
to me and I wasn't gonna her like what
I'm gonna do with this so hey it's a
flash Eliminator from the Estee elite
and I'm gonna take it can you see it
there here we go the flash illuminator
from the Estee Elite is this from like
Estee Lauder
it is
Oh
ah that's all good beyond my failure
take another two pumps and just my lace
that has not melted as you can see it's
see it from a mile away
I think he's mathematician confirm with
Oh
she puts out Wow she puts her foundation
on with her hands oh I'm a real fancy
bitch now I have the Dior hand where is
it going
Dior forever Foundation Deepika also
gave this to me I love it it's in color
number 45 probably too dark for me ain't
nobody worried so I feel some type of
way about putting this on with my hands
well what I mean is that's what she does
we were gonna try okay
I think that just melted my lathe bed
okay she also she wasn't wise like all
her skin products with her hands that
really Oh bitches give me chuck at all
teeth what their real made of America oh
eight percent of my Native American this
is shining through do you see that so I
bought this at Sephora in Mexico and
turns out turns out the Sephora and
Mexico
you could not return o be brought up I
felt like they was just being racist cuz
clearly all black in a Taurus way today
was not gonna let me return any of the
Twitter dollars the products that I
bought
whilst in Mexico so alright she puts
this on in a v-shape with her fingers
she actually uses Mac studio which I
have but it's way too light for me
actually really like this NARS but I've
only had it for a month and it's alright
I feel like I'm already way are you
washing my mac studio
Oh shot of the shirt I actually had to
sit it right here in front of me okay
this like finger thing is cool and all
of a alright so we're just gonna
take our Sigma brush also Deepika gave
me this one good friend it's the f80
kabuki it was one of my favorite brushes
that was it might make a pouch so she in
her video she is using the Mac dip down
brow gel and it was a point in time when
I used to use that and I used to have it
I don't know where it is anymore because
I stopped using a long time ago so I
might have just thrown it out so we're
gonna go with my favorite brow pencil
that was also keep telling you all the
stuff that I lost I did have this in my
pouch but I had a backup because I wear
but if it brows number four which is
almost like always sold out I brought
back up the things that I know I use
pretty quickly so like eyebrow stuff and
so okay
in her video she has really bold brows
so she takes it she's using a gel one
that's gonna be a lot darker than what I
have so I'm gonna draw in a little bit
heavier she does like a baseline and
then does strokes going up alright
do any of you guys have Poshmark stores
because like legit legit you know if you
have a closet like some of the nicer
like um not to be rude but if you
basically have a closet full of trash no
but maybe not but like if you do have a
class if you do tend to have like some
nicer pieces that you know have a little
bit more value and you're looking for
some extra coin it is a great way to one
recycle I'm throwing away clothing and
we're just having it collect dust in
your closet and it's also a great way
like if you're looking to buy things at
a discount they do have like Nike and
Michael Kors I've definitely seen
Louboutin and Jimmy Choo like really
nice name-brand stuff on there
discounting rate and it's cool cuz if
you buy something and you get it and you
don't like it you have like some time
like I don't get paid until the person
approves with a receipt Poshmark
pay for the postage for you it's
priority you have to set it out within
two days of purchase and then the person
has to get it before and approve of the
order you know so there is like a buyer
consumer protection in there and I
really really really like that and I've
had my patch my store for a couple
months now and I love it I just need to
make more time to like put stuff in my
closet on a regular basis are you all
just to have the Mac tinted brow gel
it's definitely what's in the pouch I've
lost it honey concealer take my flat
Sigma II 15 brush that I did this
recently purchased and clean up she
doesn't do concealer brows it looks like
so next she is taking a blender I did
replace that because it was one of my
favorite brushes so I got the copper one
from Sigma now the taper blending brush
and e-40 and she takes a taupe color
from Julia's Palace I don't have it
let's watch to see how she applies it
and she's dragging it all the way she
does do that okay okay
letting it get quite smoky so she goes
back in with a darker brown with like a
proper eyeshadow brush I have like all
these blending brushes and not a lot
away this brush that I might have Whole
Foods during my five-year discount days
okay we're gonna do this brown here cuz
she takes up a true brown color
I'm gonna do be a pallet
she says she lets it get too smoky um oh
I don't think that's what she meant
actually this is probably a better brush
I don't know what I just did there
she said on her outer-v
all right and then she's taking it in
like yeah on the V up into the eye
oh let's think of it just now when I
looks like I got punched because I
messed it up
faint blending brush for it bitch we got
one so we just click over the thing with
a brush and it's no product on it and
when did it out all right she just took
did he take like a brown pencil and
stoner I don't have stress okay
she took a brown pencil and then like
smushed it out so we're just gonna take
we're doing all eyeliner here we're
gonna take this one line it then she use
the words Wow Wow and it pulls it out I
don't even know what that means and she
took another brush we're just gonna go
back she is taking a pallet I definitely
don't have I need to blend this out a
little bit more
hmm and she took she has a milk palette
so this is the Christy Teegan Becca
palette because one of my favorite
backup pilots was also gone and I
thought this and could I'll return it in
Mexico yeah we just added and we are
gonna take the champagne color I to get
it reca nectar and this is such a wide
brush put it in the corner really it's
not really
take a little my Sigma e25 a little bit
more then she takes q she takes with a
beat look how big this brushes dad brush
also get really dense paint brush okay
we're just needs to highlight I do this
normally I mix my two highlighters
that's what she does so we do gonna go
and she's like putting a lot on one
though and we are going up put it on the
cheek oh you're gonna give you highlight
for days and then too late you put it on
our nose alright let's see what else is
she doing I just really like then she
took a super pink blush so we're gonna
use my super pink blush Bare Minerals
pika also davis to me god what would i
do without a good for it yeah super pink
really taken
school on my pink enough for you is it
really picking up I have this NYX oh
this is so old
after all
she's like way into her hair purse and
then you try and blend a blush of her
top I'm missing that kind of like pink
pink my amethyst I don't know why thank
God I lost almost all my back of
highlighters but I did not put that one
okay she does end up going back down her
nose anyway that was not the center I
know this is the closest thing that has
like a bronzer the brown unremember
color at Max's high for so long the
labels going off and honestly I don't
even know if it picks up at all because
I've had it and I use it often and you
see nothing's going down I don't even
know if color is even positing anymore
but she does
we won't act like we doing something
down her Center when I was here okay so
we just won't we will front like me all
do something I can't really tell she
fell she don't when something she feels
like okay she is going and with the
mascara all right all right we're gonna
do this mascara I have from Deepika
Elora gets a double blue black so
obviously for now I just use the black
side we haven't gotten that adventurous
there were like blue Ash's looking for
us I'm looking like a Cabbage Patch doll
right now Wow but she says give a very
generous
she packs it in there
all right um I am going to break down
what's going on on my hair to clip it is
for real for oh we're serious I had a
lot a lot of mascara on right now
whoa she'd do no eyeliner okay yes let's
see what lashes she puts on contacts
anchor her uncle Nash's with my wrinkled
black girl brown eye it's okay it's like
I see my black shoes I think my 207's
will work on look I know all that makeup
girls love to talk about they $15 $8
pack lashes
me and my little $3.00 package over here
okay all right I'm gonna put these on
off-camera wait
Oh Pete okey now we're gonna get into
the lip it looks like she uses the same
Nicks I hope I had this actual $10 for
some lashes not cheap thank you
the color that she's using is the NYX
soft brown lip liner and used to have it
all my brown lip liners I had to Nix was
and one Mac we're in my Mexico thing and
I actually after this now I'm reminded I
need to go and replace it because that's
the color I can't live without so the
closest thing I have now is nude beige
to see if that even is nothing is
chocolate really oh he does okay she
uses like a nude lip gloss I was
originally gonna put this infallible um
I like a matte lip she's doing a gloss I
do I'm gonna do this and then put the
color no let me get it go ahead get the
gloss is we're gonna keep it true okay
I'm gonna take my NYX butter gloss in
Madelene tastes like a cookie all right
this is it as well look okay I'm not
really a lost a gloss person this is a
lot she doesn't she doesn't spray her
face down
I just want to bring it so big as me
when we're trying to get okay so this
hair is from Julia's hair it's the what
she even have her head what does she
even have in her head let's look okay
this is Julia's hair it's the same as a
curly wig that I made before so they
gave me Brazilian body wave um I went
back in and used a curl one to give it a
little bit more texture even though I
probably have just wet it but I was like
trying to try to be a beauty influencer
here now I was trying I did the bald cap
thing so there's a cap let's do down in
my head underneath this then I did the
got to me glue I think for the next
video I actually do that on camera but
it took me a minute and I was like girl
let me just try and get through this
here um the lace hasn't melted like I
wanted it to I think it's still a little
bit invisible but I don't know if maybe
I need to bleach the nuts again or maybe
I need to tint the lace but I haven't
figured out how to tint the lace for
beige people so if anybody has some tips
boom look let me know in the comments
down below I want to spray my face so
bad I like I like the matte
feeling so we're just gonna get into it
okay
vorrei on I know people are probably
tired
rafer Black Panther no my last like
three or four pictures I've had the
ground you know you get that one item
you got away with everything
alright this is the completed look back
it up cuz you know we have to work in
her own stuff here okay she bless and uh
did I do something and you're feeling it
yes links will be down below for
everything don't forget to check my
Poshmark closet and if you're looking to
sell your own stuff definitely download
the bottom or GAD girl right way to get
some site coin you trust you me I've
been using it for a minute now you can
shop smart round girl cops the blessed T
its unisex and I Oh anyway if you are
smart brown girl supporter and you've
bought something for me please if you
can please please do me the favor and go
back and review I now have it where you
can leave reviews on items because I
don't help cuz I get questions about
sizing and color who don't know it's a
gate and you can now add a picture I'll
give you a little tip on call if you use
a picture upload a picture you know it's
gonna be lit and links for the hair will
be down below as friction box with a
coupon code well I think we're gonna
have to do a video where like I chopped
this out cuz I'm feeling like a bob look
but I made the rig myself I'm feeling us
out
if anybody has tips on what I can do to
get the lace to melt as maize let me
know down below or whose video should I
watch that I don't watch them on and
watch Tierra peak male Sophie ology
cross that I watch Christie Beowulf mad
like mad world mad mad mad mad mad me of
all my Lisa sweat on my head
