it's been a whole six months I know too
damn long and this fitting to be a good
in long pops night because I deeply oh
yeah happy back history y'all this is a
key discussion a respectful debate where
you can agree disagree as long as you
can articulate in full sentences let's
engage it have a good time oh I am
drinking oh bitch we got back to the
Moscato can I finally pronounce this
correctly bard tuner oh the Blue Grotto
the one my mom told me about cuz she
watched another hip-hop God we all be
influenced at some point in time
oh that's been such a long time didn't
feel good as good as I look
Aziz best known for master of none on
Netflix the show where he's a pretty
Aggie character in season two but that
Thanksgiving episode ran by Lena wait a
black woman it's just so damn masterful
i rewatch it for joy there was an expose
written on the website babe dotnet whom
reached out to a woman who had gone on a
date with disease and left in shambles
Twitter the platform that is entirely
not for intellectual respectful debates
because someone always takes it too far
too personal hide to grapple with what
this article met in the age of the
feminist me too movement my opinion is
this article was a piece of bad
journalism that did a real disservice to
the young lady at the center of the
story and lost the potential to push
forward a productive but hard
conversation not only on consent but how
we talk about sex like realistically in
real life IRL because so many of us have
a very limited language when it comes to
sex hobble around this guy so monkey
because we love to talk about consent
absolutes of yes and no but in practice
no one wants a man who at every step of
the way is asking are you okay you sure
you wanna do this you could say no is
that a yes wait wait are you okay during
sex don't have drunk sex some of us like
it in are fully capable of not being
sober and having consensual sex
Aziz is definitely a creeping the
situation but the power dynamics that
would make this a rape or sexual assault
just are not present for me is it victim
blaming to say that she should have left
that simply him being a celebrity
doesn't skew the power to the point
where she could not have
just stay dressed when you do something
and Bend because the person is a
celebrity without them holding that over
your head because there is no account of
Aziz telling her that he could are
implying that he would if she didn't
agree with him then don't we have to
review our own consciousness and how we
idolize people I do think there's a
conversation to be had and I have had it
about you having the right to change
your mind at any point and getting up
and going this is messy but I keep going
back to it really should have been
better written and edited to handle the
complexities of the story approaches it
should have been better research and
facts more rigorously verified not that
I believe the young lady was lying at
all but that the writer focused on all
the wrong details that they drink white
wine instead of red wine that her outfit
was indeed cute because she saw a
picture of it and babe that net reached
out to the girl she didn't reach out to
them they could have handled her story
with way more care but they were after
the clique saying well here we are hello
my love's I'm rooting for us money
calling for a protest because Netflix
offer her 500k for a comedy special when
the very not funny white woman Amy
Schumer got like what 11 million but
only after she called them out for not
paying her own part to her male
counterparts turns out DeRay Davis
received 5 million and yeah monique is
not wrong and being upset with Netflix
to the point of calling them out but her
strategy in calling for a protest as
well that was wrong ain't nobody
protesting Netflix a platform that gives
plenty of creators of color leverage and
is a cheap alternative to overpriced
cable that's access for poor communities
and this is a matter of personal gain
sis you do not call for protests or
boycotts for your own personal wealth
but besides being the wrong strategy
it's sad how quickly we can so self
righteously turn against the black woman
I keep hearing she should make her own
way what does that even mean I think
people just like saying that when
Monique has long addressed how even
black people have sold her out but
Packer ruined being Mary Jane so middle
and then Jean Marie I really don't know
what he does besides going all these
free car marketing trips
one last year that he was on and there's
like a whole clinic of black influencers
who the car trip start getting ain't got
no digital reach but they just comment
on each other's pictures gosh it's a
swindle a free trip is nice but you
don't make money doing those which is
why I don't constantly do that back to
honey she is every right to expect to be
paid on par with her counterparts tuck
in how much you hate black women for a
moment do not have to be a fan of her
comedy that's not what this is about
it's about how black women are
constantly at the bottom and treat it
like we should simply be thankful for
crumbs and no it's not gratifying that
wanda sykes got offer an even less and
then had to go find another network that
is not how you solve the problem
stop telling black women to be thankful
for the opportunity to beg no Matthew
knows in an interview that the Beyonce
wouldn't be a success if she wasn't
light-skinned for starters that is not a
direct or accurate quote in an interview
with ebony magazine promoting his new
book claiming that the HBCU Fisk
University had a brown paper bag test
that is in if you were darker than the
neighbor bag you would not be accepted
to the school but somehow he was let it
that led to a discussion on how colorism
was ingrained in him as a child and how
he used to date mainly white women or
very high complexion black women that
looked white believing that his ex-wife
Tina now Larsson was a white one when he
first met her lol the journalist asked
Matthew if he's notice the same patterns
of colorism in the music industry and he
loved both his daughters Beyonce and
Solange with Nicki Minaj Rihanna and
Mariah Carey it's proved and therefore
highlighting the pattern of colorism
favoring lighter skinned black women
the problem with Matthews saying this
now is that he's trying to profit off of
colorism when he was the one behind it
I've been promising to do a video on
colorism for forever bruh but quickly so
we can get over there we so often
conflate colorism just simply being
about the color of one's skin when it's
an oversimplified term for how we do the
standard of beauty on a spectrum of
you're a pianist let the closer one
leans to European features whether it's
hair texture eye color facial features
or skin color that is reviewed as
beautiful and there absolutely is a
pretty privileged that's why you see
deeper toned women in Hollywood who
still don't look like the
in your black ass family why suddenly
the silky hair and I'd love to talk
about baby here it's forever in a day
but how we treat that as beautiful while
the crying kinkier and textured hair its
unkempt same beast we just lack the
nomenclature and therefore language to
put the conversation within our grasp so
here goes Matthew Knowles trying to sell
books by being fake world when he was an
active player and disenfranchising
Latoya in latavia to benefit his late
bright daughter remember when we didn't
really care for Beyonce cuz we caught
the color as NBS that was that playing
Destiny's Child and she was always thing
about being Creole they were very very
aware of everything before it was there
I want to clear it up everybody out
there who doesn't know but Latoya and I
we never quit the group never even said
anything about quitting
Mathew Knowles was this really intense
controlling business minded guy who had
driven the two roles out of all of the
Bad Seeds are now out of Destiny's
Chucky
Beyonce is famous because her talent is
unmatched yes plenty of light-skinned
buddies don't came and going but we
can't discuss a system that gives them
access over deeper tone women Matthew
just ain't the one to carry that
conversation and it's kind of the
replaying the same side at 50 admitting
how he chose his mating partner based on
the European Theatre beauty in order to
engineer the aesthetics of his own
family yes we got away to 2038 the
Godfather of all Godfather's 87 year-old
Quincy mother-effing Jones gave to Wow
Wow interviews to GQ and vulture just
while in the cool candor and nonchalance
of Quincy who has lived quite the
experience of life has a modern legacy
that is unmatched in any scope and my
man sat there drunk a smoothie and spill
all the chi and many he found Michael
Jackson be obsessed with plastic surgery
then in the same vein as Matthew Knowles
claimed that his own infatuation with
white women with an expression of rage
and protest against white people like
okay I really I really do love that
everyone wants a grandpa like Quincy
even though he snubbed his know that
every last one of your black ass
grandma's okay
Quincy loved white woman so much he gave
a pass to Lena
they had a reference table a white woman
who befriended Adolf Hitler and her film
career greatly benefited from the
support of Hitler's Third Reich
government Quincey cool but I won't ever
condone the support of a Nazi or even a
Nazi sympathizer it's a note from
e-center linseed mentioned in passing
that marlo brandon was sticking his dick
in everything including James Baldwin
and Richard Pryor and we all took a
collective gasp because we forgot about
how much Pryor used to do skits about
how much he liked some good-ass indeed
that's not Paul was would mean once when
I first worked my first foot and he's
been holding that over my head for two
years and I just want to say it now
still nobody else can tell it I would
have married him but he had to go away
get operation ex-wife who married the
man twice twice confirmed noting that he
was doped up on quaaludes I quote if you
did enough cocaine you fuck a radiator
and scented flowers in the morning good
laughs I didn't even know I need him I
don't know why rain Pryor Richard
Pryor's daughter and is it okay if I
said she funny-looking sorry anywho I
don't know why she would insert herself
into this what child knows all the
details are their parents sex slaves
were you there in their own Kipkay rocks
some cornrows with beads on the end and
calls them Bo Derek braids and once
again the family that has mastered the
art of social currency got y'all mad and
paying them too much damn attention for
no reason
adds to list do a clear concise video on
the actual definition of appropriation
because they're saying it if she goes to
the stylist and say I want bo Derek
braids which is a thing that works for
her some of us know the stylist just say
I want lemonade braids rather than I
want Fulani style braids to get the same
damn thing and it really ain't that deep
because there is no official name for
them and if anything it's an opportunity
to learn her something because most of
us have no clue where the hairstyles we
rock the ride from past the pop-culture
reference that bought them into the
mainstream and see ways in other news
Kim's third child as a girl her and
Kanye named Chicago because they got
enough money to do things like that and
the number doesn't
Mathers and Kylie Jenner managed to keep
her pregnancy a secret and a family that
publicizes everything for the points you
cannot deny that the kardashian-jenner
clan definitely loves each other and we
also can't deny that kylie really
doesn't watch News and she named her
daughter stormy at a time and a porn
star named stormy it's all up and down
the news because she was paid off by
Trump
let us pray for the kardashian-jenner
legacy that has now become a family of
black children black daughters unlike
the whitening of Diana Ross's offspring
I would like to take a moment to my talk
my own ego and say I believe they were
okay with 28t aesthetically pleasing
while I pass on a very informative
messages like how the Russian a
confirmation of conservative judges is
something you have the power to stop go
watch my video with the lawyers
Committee for civil rights under law
that breaks down why you should care and
have a lifetime appointment of
conservative federal judges negatively
impacts the livelihood of black and
brown communities
Kendrick Lamar instance I released a
delightfully afro futuristic video for
the black panther soundtrack single all
the stars visually I loved it though it
is very sad to hear that they did not
get the permission of Lena iris Victor
to feature her artwork and I see a whole
lot of speaking of Victor Victor Omar
Diop influence throughout the video
payback is Braille otherwise I am very
happy though
low-key that the only Hotel negro I love
the Aqua I Kendrick did not lean too
heavily on the commad ancient Egyptian
imagery because the history are in
culture of Africa is vast intelligent
and beautiful so shout out to the brown
skin women and the reference paid well
and exposure to the African art but
really pay them in dollars for real
Pharrell let me know would be worth my
while to do a video
breaking down the influence of African
art and imagery in the video the
Kendrick and TVE produce black panther
soundtrack was also released last week
there's a few Bob's and again the hotel
outright Kendrick must have had a really
light trading experience in South Africa
because he loves all things Zulu and has
for South African artists featured on
the album though they missed a real
opportunity to showcase a breath of
African artists on the album at minimum
I'm surprised with kid wasn't on the
album
they could have remixed some ethiop it's
into a real minor hip hop Bob we could
have got some French African rhythms
instead of future rapping la dee da dee
da slob on my knob like what was that
for why there's enough Africans working
in the American music scene to have made
this happen so want one Oprah gave a
riveting speech at the 2018 Golden
Globes before being honored with the
Lifetime Achievement Award and I know
I'm so late on this topic but because we
are so desperate immediately social
media was in a flurry what hot takes
about Oprah running in 2020 full stop
not says first we do not love supportive
respect black women in this country
especially not those who look like Oprah
read all our undies and moms that Quincy
Jones starts as knows enough a society
would not do the hard work required to
support a black woman successfully
running for the Presidency so us wanting
to see Oprah run that race is a cop-out
because we believe she is wealthy enough
to insulate herself in the level of
trauma that would be thrown at her we do
not have to follow stupid white people
into promoting unqualified people into
roles of authority let the orange
popsicle melt away and leave their hands
stickies not ours and let's not forget
Oprah open the school in South Africa
because as she claims African Americans
don't value education and you expect her
to do what for poor people no I didn't
just say black says huh and president
cardi B defends offset use of the word
queer after he rapped I cannot vibe with
queers in some song I told you not hear
about cardi backs of offset a man from
the black egg capital of Atlanta Georgia
she backs him up and his claims of not
knowing that queer meant gay people
because in the 21st century we regularly
used the word queer to define something
as weird or strange nevermind LGBTQ girl
please shop this light-skinned obsessed
man he is you thank you don't fall into
the trap of mr. grand relationshipgoals
don't be a Ciara he has three kids and
you would know how to like it much more
interesting news cardi B to the
interview wigs and daya as as people
shouldn't question if she's black
because clearly two white people fucking
do you make this and I think the latter
is a very actual violet point because
cardi B is clearly not white
however why M black are not the only
races that exhibit if we were to pull up
cardi B's early interviews like when DJ
black questioned her use of the word
nigga she did not say well I'm black why
would you ask me that question instead
something that like it's like a lingo
like even if I want to stop saying me I
really can't stop saying it like I'm
sorry like it seems like it's something
that is so normal which is bad but like
it is what it is and if it comes to the
fact that she's latina you know like my
parents my father side we're Spanish
we're Hispanic and everything but it's
like where do them Spanish people came
from with them not Tina people came from
they mix people you know we mix way
we're African European what is it a
melodic everything is just like what it
what am i considered and at the end of
the day like Latinos in Hispanic they
are considered a minority for saying
she's black because her mother's in a
daddy in why doesn't she reference us
out of her family besides our being a
large Venezuelan community Internet I do
not need cardi to be black to like or
support her
it is a thing in hip-hop urban culture
people don't want to co-opt illusi
adjacent black identity as if that
verifies their talent but Kartik you'll
be just like Bruno Nixon going a little
racially ambiguous tour together I fit
our case gonna be literally I will have
my happy end in here singing and dancing
alone me and long as cardi and calling a
black women roaches is speaking up about
deeper tone black women being overlooked
stay genuine s but I do not need to
claim her as a representation of black
women but I won't stop y'all from doing
so just be careful about what you claim
is radical less you set yourself up for
disappointment when your favorite celeb
don't have the same ratio or
ideology as here Barack and Michelle
Obama unveiled their official portraits
for the National Portrait Gallery at
Smithsonian Museum that sits on the
National Mall these were not the
official White House portraits please
people tuck in your own culture
dismissal a second Barack's portrait was
done by paying the wily one of my favs
and I thought he was pretty well known
and a popular artist he's showing up all
over pop culture mainstream Michelle's
portrait was by Amy Cheryl
both Barack and Michelle picked their
artists and this kind of art is not
meant to be liked by the general public
Michelle picked an artist who has a very
strong and what can be sort of
challenging aesthetic because of forces
you to re-evaluate how you perceive art
Michelle speech is being exaggerated our
stylistic of Amy's work I am very happy
to see two African American artists and
especially African American woman who
had it yet crossed over into the
mainstream have their work featured in a
Smithsonian their art is meant to be
challenging it is not meant to fit into
the mainstream visual appeal to shift
the way we perceive and think about
things and it's supposed to strike a
discourse and as Picasso said everybody
says that she does not look like it but
that does not make any difference she
will well gotta go watch my camera bitch
this pop star took a lot of work says
but I did it for y'all after taking this
six-month hiatus if you made it to the
end I hope you commented along had a
good key agree disagreed it had a good
time think a little deeper about the pop
culture we consume if you would like to
make a one-time donation you can do that
on Cash Shop or become a monthly patron
on patreon as always pillows tees and
more on shop tomorrow girl calm thumbs
up it definitely helps combat a trillion
times and if you're new here subscribe
and hit that Bell for notifications
