why do we believe that cutting ourselves
off on the people who care about us
calling it something like I'm putting my
head down grinding or hash tagging it is
how we become successful in a
capitalistic society I'm not going to
say that this is dick ative of simply
the black community but I do find it to
be symptomatic of the lower-class rungs
of society who are trying to climb out
of poverty and into the perceived
ability of upper-class society it's more
money a better job a more powerful job
of role getting into school whatever
various ways we climb up the social
ladder I want to tell you very sincerely
that abandoning people who have a
positive emotional investment in you is
the dumb hey guys it's Julie and we're
trying to be on the roll in 2018
shooting for every Monday and Thursday
sorry I was off I got off the strengh
class me but I have been doing good way
to pop it off don't with the smart
PromGirl discussions it is a movement
and if you're new here subscribe for
notifications join the conversation
because engagement that is comments and
hitting that thumbs up button matter
deeply I thank you I want to ask again
why do we believe that isolation yield
success especially to make this a bit
more intimate a black woman who
typically has absorbed a significant
amount of trauma through generations
through our childhood and coming into
our black womanhood I want us to examine
why we often have the inclination to
turn inward and how unhelpful isolating
our self is we live in a capitalistic
society that functions on the
expectation of Labor footnote wealth and
very very broad terms wealth is not just
a matter of money let me rephrase that
sustainable wealth that can be passed
down through generations the sort of
stability many of us are thinking of as
we talk about becoming successful in
establishing our careers settling down
and building our legacy is not simply
about the dollars you have in the bank
it is about your proximity to influence
and power your access to a network of
resources who you know absolutely holds
weight in this society the people that
care about who are emotionally invested
in your well-being that love you and you
love might not have the mindset or
status that you are pursuing but they
absolutely benefit you it is one thing
to minimize some of them
once in your life we do this as we enter
into adulthood and leave our parents
home as we evolved through our stages
from high school to college or adulthood
in general to defining how we want the
world to see us we solidify our close
circle of friends creating a board of
confidants but we do have to remember
that as much as we are defining
ourselves the people that we engage are
emotionally investing in us these
relationships deserve a level of
reciprocity rarely does one truly
isolate themselves in today's time and
age social media is a big hindrance
I am reckoned and myself as I scrub
through its the Graham and respond to
comments on face plus we simply do not
live in a society that no matter how
much we claim the success of the
American dream is to pick yourself up by
the bootstraps that truly makes it
possible for someone to do it on their
own listen to interviews about people
whose innovations become wildly
successful like on the podcast how I
built this they interviewed the founders
of Instagram what differentiated
Instagram from Flickr or shutterbug or
even Facebook that ended up buying them
out for what 1 billion dollars Instagram
had filters one of the guys was on
vacation with his wife who mentioned yo
add filters so my pictures are pretty
dry bar became this phenomenal success
because Ali Wehbe had a great team of
close friends and family behind her idea
PT was Robert Johnson having access and
a network of people he could call along
the relationships you cultivate matter
and I know part of using these examples
also highlights the frustration for a
lot of us who do not come from
communities of access who don't have
family members like Ali with successful
careers and monies that they can invest
in us with take that risk and honestly
that's why we often turn inward facing
forward and realizing the dearth of
resources that you do not have easy
access to can and is frustrating but I
want to encourage you to use that as a
reminder that we need to come together
to create the structures that allow our
communities to flourish and to not think
of that simply in grandiose terms but in
a granule manner of how we engage others
and how we start solidifying the
foundational aspect getting into school
especially top tier programs is
partially
actually about getting into the room
with the right people of influence yeah
your homegirls or your parents might not
be wealthy or well educated but their
different interests might inspire your
story and trust me learning how to
effectively tell your story to our
diverse audience makes walking into the
rooms that Teeter on the student
influence a much easier and productive
experience I totally understand the need
for solace and to unplug emotionally to
have the space to be with yourself
that's like a weekend okay maybe a week
maybe two weeks meet Rami nice maybe
every night you have a cut-off time and
a nighttime routine but I'm speaking
directly to the idea of isolating
ourselves for months at a time to reach
a goal I don't know any model of grand
success where a person was able to
achieve it on their own so I believe you
not to fall into that trap of a belief
set boundaries with the integrity of
compassion understand the emotional
value of your relationships foster
collaborate with your peers because
success ain't fun when you're alone and
learn how to be specific specific I
can't say that work LEM I like the list
sorry you learn how to be specific about
the help that you need I definitely made
this mistake through most of my 20s I
disappeared
I'm cities without telling anybody stop
talking to people for months at a time
because I was going through it and
thought I'm a pop back once I finally
made it if I could do it all over again
I would be honest about my struggles
with the right people we are talking
about close friends and family here
learn how to ask for the help that I
actually need thinking through the long
game and not just in the short
understand the power of perspective and
therefore my sphere of influence through
my friends and family I missed so many
opportunities because I try to do things
on my own I want it to be selfish and
only care about myself and it just took
longer to get things done because no one
achieves success on their own by all
means scale back when needed do not
engage toxic people there are times the
focus that means I can't sit on the
phone and talk all day or even text I
might not be socially available for
right now because I'm working on this
but a hey I'm really busy and focus on
an X Y Z because of ABC how are you
might be the pivotal aha
me you never saw coming I hope I
inspired some critical thought for my
smart brown girls out there as always
you can join the movement
hey shop smart brown girl you want to
see more you can make a one-time
donation on cash shop or become a
monthly patron on patreon and don't
click out yet I've done a series of
videos usually inspired by the same
person getting on my dad on nerves about
friendships and how to be emotionally
mature click this video uh-huh and get
into it
deuces
