hey guys it's Josie Happy New Year it's
2018 it's watching me man geez this year
because I will be 33 and March I'm an
Aries not a Pisces don't sue me like
that we are trying something new here I
don't know if it's gonna work but we
trying it let me know your thoughts yeah
I want to take a look back at what 2017
was before we look forward to what's to
come in 2018 kind of have to roll it
back to 2016 because I came into 2017
thinking that I had just overcome the
worst year of my life and I was
absolutely going to rebound strong my
goal last year was to let my words edify
produce more content create more
critical dialogues around the social
issues we face and create new
opportunities for smart brown girl now
looking back and my body of work in 2017
I do feel like I stagnated but it was
not in a super detrimental way I did
have the you know the trauma of 2016 a
level of distrust that I walked out with
the bitterness that that distrust was
wrapped up into and the credit card data
came along with going to court having
someone steal from you and then since
he's Miz's letters telling you how much
money they had to come after you
girl let's just leave all that rocket
sness in 2016 but I also accumulated
some bad habits along the way I needed
to undo myself from that so the
stagnation wasn't with me as an
individual per se I think I stagnated
with smart brown girls and delivering
the content you guys deserved and being
able to build this up the book club the
podcast which I did absolutely work on
last year I'm still working on it this
year pops narcan regularly posting
engaging content you know I was slipping
I do still feel like I had a good year
overall this is more of me acknowledging
that for all the personal gains I can
definitely do and want to do more for my
suare Bronco community I paid off my
credit card day that hurts a lot
because it was a lie but I guess I can
say I'm with Ulta now I partnered with
Adobe as they make it impactful
influencer girl that was my biggest
brand sponsorship today and I definitely
learned a lot about being more strategic
demanding my worth understanding the
value in my Worth and doing that all
with integrity I am also a Google
next-gen policy leader cohort I was
invited back for a second year it is not
something that I've talked about much
but it's been a very dope and beneficial
experience and I am just now easing into
I am learning to balance Wow still be
able to produce content cuz girl eats a
lot of work cohort puts me in rooms with
people that I would not necessarily have
access to on my own but we also go
through a lot of training on how to use
our platforms and the access we do have
to do more social activism and advocate
for policy change through technology and
the digital landscape it is a blessing
to get managers it brings me but I
definitely have to put in a hefty amount
of work to take advantage of what the
cohort offers altogether so it's great
but I've seen you traveling all the time
especially vacationing it may seem cute
for the gram but in real life girl I'm
trying to have a work-life balance here
I spent a ton of time with you and my
nephew and I love that I get to be
friends with him it's just so awesome I
traveled from Cuba to London Norway
Spain Denmark Hong Kong and China there
are lots of export wise I was doing the
most I signed a contract to launch this
product cast we recorded our first
episode we just have not edited our
first episode but it's coming I mean
even that's what I'm saying I stagnated
and I do feel like I did so on the brand
side getting over that PTSD and what can
you think new opportunities was a level
of come up in that I definitely
appreciate going forward into 2018 the
podcast definitely gonna happen I went
to the n-double-a-cp Image Awards
something that totally happened because
of the Google cohort and
after party my st. Martin please Diane
on blackish her parents brought me in to
the after party got me into the VIP
section they totally did not have to be
so gracious at all that was really just
so very nice to them
her mother was like have a seat it's not
only where we'd like in a VIP section
but they had a separate section a new
div would like elevated seating and it
was the black-ish cast
that wasn't the seating and so I sit
down next to mrs. Martin and I'm sitting
in between her and Issa Rae so I just
turned that III so hi I'm Josie Hey
Oh watch some of your reviews they're
funny and I'm like damn how much shade
did I thought what would I go no but
long story short primaries the podcast
has taken so long is because we were
trying to get Network support and we ran
it by everyone the last being Issa and
her production company and I don't want
to get into too much I know is this cuz
you know you never know what might still
happen but at that point it ended up not
being a possibility for very fair
reasons and I definitely mentioned the
podcast to her I was sitting in VIP like
girl okay you reconsider it was gonna
slam behind at you because you know the
best idea and it needs to be somebody
told me don't we and she was like okay
baby let me consider you know don't make
a move just guys so maybe you don't know
and then Charlie Folkman walked over and
talked at our coverage in anyway so a
name dancer you know we're definitely
regardless of whether we signed to a
network or self-produced we're bringing
a high quality podcast to you in the
year of our Lord 2018 I say you will
understand why it took so long once I
can actually give you all the details
you can just hear it then you'll be the
girl girl but I'm talking so vaguely so
it's like but why would I let me address
the Chadwick Boseman picture which is
like my most light picture ever on
Instagram I thought my booty shot was
doing it but clearly China it got got
fan beat definitely tie was gorgeous and
he definitely has a girlfriend
might even be his wife okay definitely
in real life would be my tight like yes
it's real a real crush but please
understand I don't understand if I ever
ever ever ever had a sincere intention
of shooting my shot with mr. Bozeman I
for one would not have informed y'all I
would not have asked to take yourself
you would have nor would I have posted a
picture on Instagram and publicly
declaring it girl but they're definitely
the finesse to getting in to that circle
with famous people they have to be
familiar with you they have to see you
in the same elite space as they existed
several times and with other people they
hold in some sort of esteem so I talked
to her on the red card Bay had there
been any real intention the fact that I
was sitting there talking to ISA and
then she read reduces us that would have
been a good and then you know maybe like
two more times after that and then I
would have like you know you know hey
was like you know these pages so you
know we'll just move on to like well who
was there to move on Ryan cochlear Carl
back up with my husband stop trying to
be a bit too a Rando actually it's gonna
be Susan caliche in general and I'm so
sad like I couldn't find a good space to
ask to take a picture with her I did
once and then like it was a bump like it
was if I go on away but wow she's so
gorgeous girl overall to get to what my
goals are in 2018 I am looking to carry
my goal of 2017 of letting my words
edify on into the new year and adding to
that I want to build out the community
of smart brown girl not just centered
around me but finding ways to be a
resource and provide access to my
community of smart brown girls and for
them to then in turn give that access
and resources to their own separate
communities I do believe that I have
down a way to do this and do the book
club and provide the resources for
creatives and low income and other
verticals with this smart brown girl but
I definitely need your help to get there
I do still have my patreon and that
money is still going to the legal fees
and getting the podcasts up and running
you can also do one off donations via
cash app I will leave my link in the
description down below and as always
please shop smart brow oh wait wait my
guts there but look it's just my phone
at the bottom shop smart brown girl
but the Felicia shirt that is
popular is back for a very limited time
and there is even a coupon code might
even be some free shipping for some of
y'all own near so come holla at your
girl we are going to have an amazing
year I'm looking forward to having some
eyebrow girl being a shining light of
positivity in the craziness that is
going on in the world and I love y'all
that have stuck by me that have been
here who have supported and I'm looking
forward to finding ways to kind of in
taking all the support I get and turning
that back around to support you guys so
2018 will be cool deuces
