I would like you to know the only reason
I'm doing this is because I love smart
brown girls and there's an interesting
conversation that she's gotta have it
failures do inspire who too fat to be
sitting up here in my brother home video
she's gotta have it is not all bad I'm
not mad that I watched it I'm happy for
the wonder wise but sis I mean sorry
Spike Lee there were serious air is the
representation of black women as basic
Instagram check with shemekka core Linda
with this should we use the word of the
hour neoliberal istic respectability
politics black feminism that don't even
make no sense that she ain't make no
sense and then NOLA NOLA darling with
all that action of her loving bed I am
modeled on how often she's washed his
sheets with no washer/dryer in her unit
it has that rumpled tumble fun
without knocking one of those candles
off her head boy that's the skill sis do
you feel me I enjoy a sexually liberated
black woman I enjoyed that a shot of
Jamie yes says rabbits I don't know
about the intervals of the album covers
I appreciated that folks wouldn't have
to pause rewind and examine to figure
out what song it was but it wasn't
consistent the pacing was just I hate
men that keep their socks on doing sex
so Mars I'm here with his worship in his
days girl no but that axes that play him
definitely kills that role and made him
a very very enjoyable character for Reno
we found me
it must be nice to have such a spacious
apartment at a steep discount and then
slip up or missing the rent not by
couple days but a couple of weeks and
not face any consequences what a
beautiful life I've never known it over
don't you fire droplet let's get to the
crux of my issue what she's gotta have
it
besides NOLA darling spending too much
time he was slightly specific lines mo
better blues I think a lot of people
walked away understanding the layers of
the men even with the over-the-top Greer
we knew that Jamie is battling with an
image of himself that isn't offended to
his core Greer is self-indulgent as a
facade even though he seems to care
about NOLA Mars worships Michael Jordan
but he is a down and do who they're for
the good times and the rough times and
always ready to find the light in the
situation I lived in Brooklyn and maybe
I have a bit of bias or love towards
Marv because you might leave a few
people but more specifically of a former
close friend and if you read my book
send it on you caught a glimpse of it
but we just can agree that the men were
dynamic and not static characters the
women on the other hand multi fell into
tropes that make black women
essentialist characters who can't exist
outside of a sheath this one identity
and that's it see that oval was cool
just a great update from the original
character but I would love to hear from
queer folk on how they felt about
representation of a black lesbian
relationship in the series NOLA was an
overdone package of every turn the
identity until one person and nothing
was treated with nuance
she was just selfish I can totally
appreciate that some women did enjoy her
character arc to act the being sexually
liberated especially a black woman is
not something we often see but we have
to talk about how our character was
pompous and what the is a Pinot
Noir to Moscato
first of all I drink open road
body red wine and Moscato and if I'm a
gold dark I do a cab a good cat aged cab
and I'm well-read and I'm ratcheted my
hair is natural and I could slay a
lace-front Oh any day
so what was the doctor position of
knowledge of shemekka what does natural
have to do with the kindness of
someone's character
we can totally discuss the impact of
social media and the hyper visualized
identity that still leans on Europeans
into the beauty was satisfied that
specific black features that black women
are confronted with as this ideal
standard of beauty as this is being
beautiful it's the baby hairs and sleek
shiny curls it's way youtuber through
videos about their hair and lament that
the curl isn't right
ie nappy and that's why they always wear
weaves it's the popularity of young
girls getting their butts done they know
it Sunday lips done it's the up ticket
Pope getting the fillers and brazilian
butt-lift and everyone thinking if I
just have these things in this natural
waistline I could make a little bit of
money on Instagram too a little bit a
lot of my passive income oh except
everyone isn't thinking that and the
pathos that brought us here are still
centered around white supremacy and
patriarchy we really don't account for
the trauma that identifiably black women
grow up with and you know the more
regular black you look or even the more
African as a fox misguidedly say broad
nose darker skin tone highly textured
4cb on here what are women who grew up
in these bodies internalizing do you
understand what it means in so many ways
to be told that you are flat-out ugly
it's not like me at all oh you think
you're better than everyone because you
like saying oh you think you better than
everyone because your hair is curly
it is crazy I'm saying this right but I
understand privilege but it is what did
you do wrong to your hair why is this so
nappy you not gonna brush it you got a
blaze nose why your nostrils flare up
like that
bubblegum lips when there are so many
ways you are confronted with being told
that you are not the ideal you are not
beautiful your body does not measure up
to the standard of what society even
what your small community finds
attractive and beautiful that is a
serious kind of trauma against the black
woman body and we don't really recognize
it none of that was broached and she's
got a habit those gleaming light eyes
and that perfect twist out main NOLA out
right superior to shemekka who was
searching for the beauty that the world
she lived in would applaud that doesn't
mean the psychology around it as a
character with that played out gameshow
and member going to a motel to be shot
up with cement like sits at minimum she
could have gone to a Miami doctor's
office they are not sent an accessible
if life is cheap girl get you a spirit
ticket at the airport for $30 okay and
then of the ends were tough births and
the most cartoonish of waves what do we
make of this what do we take from this
oh don't be a basic Instagram bitch I
mean Instagram could have stayed no lo
but for the 600,000 are dresses so child
walk back to Nova and boohoo same
quality no and why did she think I have
a pimp if you not even wanna address how
her psychology is framed around the
world of white supremacy and patriarchy
that she lived it what is wrong with
y'all
since when did the Box have cable girls
were two projects at em you know live in
New York and we never been a buck on
Christie you not really learn much on my
side but her parents of treatment was
just sloppy misguided and offensive
Courtland oh I just cannot forgive
someone who cleans up as a period of a
tongue that could
difference in Belvedere and whatever
vodka she was claiming they serve tyre
first of all
vodka is a basic act like a girl with no
flavor profile stepping up to bourbon
homey but then turns around and I'm just
closed the basic tenets of black
feminism like what is the combining
river collective did I not do a video
with a National Museum of
african-american history and culture
you could have watched that fresh boo
because some of us were brave in an
eighth ulam backs of shamatha I did
enjoy that Jamie's wife with the Canes
I mean I got a cackle out of it like
well if we're gonna go with all the
tired ass cliches but let's throw in my
fave rock without a boss if we must I
really don't have an opinion on her to
be honest I get spikes style as the
haggis sort of over-the-top character I
was ever so slightly annoyed by her
third person speech
we won't diet eyes and he's got girl we
got the point
but I appreciate it how it was framed as
heart protection her kind of strength in
all the trauma she experienced through
her life I think I could appreciate that
NOLA did wear some very cute great coach
throughout the series keep the open try
struck but I will definitely subtract
this makes sense
she looks very fascinating version of
Brooklyn have we you clearly I was
fascinated with that rent that doesn't
get paid and she doesn't get out and
there's a therapist who lets her
continue on even though she ain't got
the money to pay her and then has has
all of although to tell her at the end
of the session I got the coins to pay
you
Wow I've already said I found her
character to be too many trying to get
enemies rolled into one with no nuance
with all the selfishness
how are you all these radical liberal
fiends would still fall into the trouble
meeting to be in a monogamous
relationship why does everybody in the
mama know who she's knocking boots with
and then she had the nerve to posit with
I don't put my love in bed in the
streets no lizard am i soft prices
you did the blinds open the windows oh
behind right now hi right now
she told us up it's better than her
friends but rather than having integrity
and whatever radical identity she had
picked that day hey polyamorous she
flip-flops sensory signals and then this
the solution is said by all the men over
on a family holiday to tell them not at
the same time what kind of finesse girl
na I will ever cosign being emotionally
manipulative ever been please move into
the please I do love spice and tile
these children's book go to the back
patio Nelson it's a fave but baby baby
please please
this was heavy-handed spike and I mean
fine we get it we know his style
we appreciate it but you know we can't
we understand with sometimes styles over
do certain narratives like Sizzlin salon
just weekend video you do not see it
more visibly it's just unfortunate that
spike has not grown much and his vantage
of the black woman narrative I do
appreciate that were clearly women
writers in the room who had Jaime giving
NOLA a copy of Claudine Reagan's
innocence
I'm surprised a triflin x-men like that
I mean cuz you cheating on your life
destiny would you then he raises and
Ajay be resistant Spike Lee clearly do I
hope no Larry
let me know your thoughts on she's gotta
have it in the comments down below if
you're new and you like the dialogue you
don't even have to agree but you just
like having sort of discussions be sure
to subscribe all the references will be
down below in the description box and as
always thanks for watching
