hi it's jolzi someone who's always
poorly prepared to do videos on YouTube
which is why well no that's not why I
haven't put a video up it's cause of
depression Julie wait your videos been a
bitch aunt depression dis what a beating
alright but I said for my next get ready
with me that I was going to show you how
I applied my lace front wig I'm not a
wig guru this is not the content that
you really are here for it so just know
that it's gonna be a little red
alright they're probably better people
to watch understand how to put your wigs
on but um this week has been popping on
me so I'm gonna show you how I get
totally apply it now based one of girls
on the youtubes I be using this now this
is gel it is not glue I watched tiara
Monet and this is what she said to do
now my hairline protrudes out so there
really isn't any way oh I forgot my
toothbrush I played a baby here to go to
brush who you Plan B right back
I try not to get it too much onto my
hair but uh I have a lot of forehead and
a lot of hairline this really only lasts
on me for about two days because I sweat
in my sleep and wearing a bonnet like I
wear about it because I have a cute body
everybody else worried about it but it
contains the heat it's not the one I
want to use like it compacts the heat so
I feel like my head actually gets hotter
with the bonnet girl I haven't figured
out the science to how people wear a
bonnet
and keep their hair from sweating out
keep this from sweating out this is like
a two-day max with me type thing
alright laying it all down and around
you can play like then without a baby
it's what I think it might have been Wow
we're gonna do what the girls do they
say to do it way
that's enough now we're gonna go in and
add another layer why are we adding a
layer because that's what the Guru's do
that's what's here monet did i watch
some other girl whose name I don't
remember now we're gonna blow dry it
again on cool
I don't see the glue there there uh we
cap down I don't do that cuz I won I
don't really get the point of it I don't
really wear the wigs long enough so when
I glue that down and I'm just kind of
more of like do I really want to go
through all that washing them you know
washing the hair is a process I'd be
trying to not do things that cause that
process to one have to happen more
frequently and to for that process to
take longer is it tacky
no it's not okay I also did a quick
quick quick rinse of this because I
didn't wash it from the last I kind of
just snatched it off my head and don't
didn't rinse the glue off the front of
it but I cut around the ear now on the
inside and I have a elastic band in it
so that makes it much easier to apply
all right um girl why am I doing this
again do y'all really care like really I
just be trying to find someone who's
just as lazy as I am but somehow can
still end up snatched the baby hairs I
get why the girls go so hard with them
cuz it does cover up a lot of
indiscretion but I can't figure out is
this place too light or is it too dark
for me get the strap down right I am not
really the best with this baby hair
stuff it is kind of like a it's new to
me but it seems to be the it thing and
get the purpose it's not just the wig so
I do it because you see this off-color
lace this is how we hide it alright
I don't know what that did an
exploration and baby hairs I always feel
like it just looks so like unnatural
those are that but whatever that's gonna
be that for now light-skinned friends
look like Michael Jackson teeth I guess
what we're going with now is that we're
gonna swoop that's what we're gonna do
there I don't know what this world is so
this is a Julia's hair that I had in the
last video it is the Malaysian Brazilian
is some sort of curly girl all the link
will be down below with the coupon code
and we can get answer place eye makeup
on once I and sometimes when I want to
extra-crispy I take this like if I do
plan on wearing it and I'll just spritz
it directly on top just to kind of hit
all the flyaways get see this action
right here you can see that some of the
hair is confused about the direction I
get it I was confused you might to be
confused you might be confused though
you're not actually a baby here you're a
full length hair this is weird okay
alright that is what I want to act
correctly just go somewhere that's ahead
alright so that is that I'm going to get
a scarf to lay it down and then get back
and we'll talk some issue I'll do my
makeup alright alright so I tied my
scarf around my head like Geronimo who
needs to get this my homeboy he's on his
way
hey guy don't worry I'm still single as
 so I got my eyebrows done I don't
know if you didn't even tell cuz they've
kind of fully grown they're growing back
in but I got them done in New York at
the part of the last get ready with me
at the Anastasia Beverly brow studio
above the Sephora or like all 56th
Street
and on Eastside and I loved it so there
are 88 studios I'm sorry there are a BH
Studios at Nordstrom's all across the
country and so I figured I would give
the one in Dallas at Northpark Mall a
try it's still $30 to get your eyebrows
waxed totally different service though
you know for the price you pay I kind of
want to be like wow how amazing I just
like okay you know as a black woman I
don't want to like on her sometime
but she definitely took off the whole
end of my eyebrow I feel like and so
that's why I'm gonna go into 2018 with a
furry route well maybe I will get them
try get them done next week
girl I'm a hot mess the press has been
kicking my behind I've been very sad for
no reason it's legit why there hasn't
been any content I decided not to apply
for my PhD this year one because I have
too many things I'm working on including
the podcast and I want to be able to
really give energy to that and not have
to like abruptly stop something I didn't
even really get to start and I feel like
they were just more work I wanted to do
with smart brown garlic on the youtubes
and stuff and just I want to do more and
I don't feel like I think I was
ambitious this year and thinking oh I
had a really bad year last year I'm just
gonna rebound and it's gonna be a great
year and I'm gonna do all these things
it was a good year I just don't think I
did as much as I could have done like I
feel like I I don't have to say fell
short but I just feel like there's a lot
more work and a lot more things that I
owe you guys in particular this is gonna
be a messy brow that's what we don't
call we don't call this a purposefully
messy brow okay
truth be told I just really try to
complete a research application for a
research degree where you gotta have
like a 20-page paper trying to do that
ish and the sunset at 4 o'clock and my
hormones was like no bitch you should
have had this done by October you should
have been way prepared for this I did
take the GRE though I took that December
14th I believe and that because reduce
715 see it was like God moved me to like
be patient you know and just be more
prepared I think I did okay because I
don't I don't really be knowing what the
scores mean ish and I went in there like
I don't know nobody man house score work
oh I think I told Whitney let me look at
my text messages I don't forgot what my
score was and I just took the ish like
last week oh I got a 158 on the verbal
and I won 47 on the math when I looked
at my score said a 158 on variable is
like in the eighty percentile and then
it said that a woman 47 oh man was a 20
percentile so I think I flunked the back
which I'm fine with
cuz I wasn't I like any mini miny moe I
don't know this ho all right oh I
thought I was like I was cruising 2 1 &
2 3 I was like oh is this even English
these are not worth I've ever seen
before
he's browser gonna look so gnarly
like that's not a good thing so I didn't
you are you so I just don't plan on
applying um I just kind of want to be
better prepared for it and I wanted to
get it I just didn't like how last
minute it was coming together for me and
look into it next year or maybe even a
year after that I mean I am old I'll be
33 in March but still I'm going to kink
I'm going to Atlanta tomorrow to spend
the holiday season with my sister who's
a witness it does celebrate the holidays
and neither do I so it's just good to be
together with my nephew who apparently
is excited to see me so that makes me
feel very special um I have not been
wearing any foundation because I lost
all my tan so my Fenty is no longer my
right color for me and I refuse to go
any later I'm Brown okay
I'm Brett and I'm gonna say brow flat
envel so which is all wait I get my
mechanical and it will turn back so what
I might one of my 340 little will return
back to that okay so for the meantime in
between time my foundation is I drink a
lot of alkaline water that's what that
is oh okay okay
but speaking of going to Cancun I can't
find my passport did I tell you I've
been dealing with a really bad bout of
depression some night so I was laying to
bed yesterday just sulking and then I
was thinking you know I usually see my
passport I don't lose things I have
never lost my keys well not never I
haven't lost my keys in like a good 10
years maybe how I lost my keys it wasn't
in me wasn't even that I lost my keys my
purse got stolen on my birthday when I
was living in New York at the drag queen
club so the problem with me not being
able to find my password is when I leave
for Cancun in 7 days in between those 7
days is a federal holiday one - I had
thought that I had lost my my did I say
resume I had thought that I had lost my
passport in August before I went to
Norway and London turns out no cuz I
don't lose things
I just misplaced it it was in the bottom
of a bag in my closet I found an after I
replace it it was fine my password was
about to expire anyway and I just I what
did with my passport picture I wanted
something new anyway fine I figure out
what I'm put on my eyes well we put
gonna take the modern renaissance pilot
think we're gonna go for burnt orange
that's what I'm feeling today
can't even see it this one right um so
I've lost that passport within six
months of getting it I'm gonna get Docs
I'm gonna get docked they're gonna give
me a limited provides for traveling on
the State Department if I can even get a
new passport I'm just like I don't know
there is no bottom of the bag that this
passport can be in because I only use
one bag now and it wasn't my bag but I
took it out while my mother was here and
I remember distinctly showing my mom my
passport and then it was on my bed for a
while and I don't know
we're wet after that the thing is I've
cleaned up my room like I got I hung out
bookshelves and everything I really went
through like oh I might could go back
through the video I sent my sister when
I hung up all this stuff in the house
I'm now gonna put Jackie ina
LeBron's listen I don't have the new one
this is the one I got last year because
it was a big girl and I probably should
go back and get love each because
LeBrons is too dark for me as a
highlight I mean it's too dark for me
right now sighing I know but once I come
back from Cancun other stuff yeah right
okay back to that good this is like
Debra colored on when I eat up nine
Brown okay but I love wearing it as an
eyeshadow it's I have a house cleaner
that comes I use handy I don't think she
took it but I think either I paid off
all my credit cards this month
I'm trying to be an adult an ish uh uh
you know one of they might have been
suing me and I might have had like a
stack of court papers on the top or
whatever and I threw away a stock
because you know when I take you to
court they just be sending you stuff to
scare you in the pan maybe something you
packets of paper and I don't mean
nothing and I did throw all those
packets away and kept the documents that
I need it like the peace whatever
whatever documents I need it because I
have been trying to keep an organized
house especially during the wintertime
where girl seasonal affect disorder when
you already got regular depression I'm
gonna go back and take antique bronze so
do under my eye alright and that is it
for the eyelid put some eyeliner pull it
add a girl
so let's go put some blush wig Louise so
hide a yeah I'm gonna do ginger binge
Moscow Mule ginger binge I think it's
what I
so I might have thrown my passport out
is what I'm saying
that or my cleaning lady and I always
had the same lady come so I don't think
she took it she could have taken it
because the last two times she's here
I'm always in the house and I'm always
sitting at my desk where I keep my
passport and I always like I just watch
right she ain't in my password I just
don't know where it magically
disappeared to and my mother is swears
up a deal I'm gonna take the amethyst
lilac edge highlight from Becca I'm
actually gonna use this as a highlight
now that I think of it I will highlight
with this over this ratchet eyebrow job
that I did what technically my brows do
need to be done better but I will go
back in and once Andrew leave and I set
up to do this she's got a habit review
you know I could be way better way worse
off though truth be told I feel like
mattifying spray I do love this Too
Faced mattifying spray spray it on like
all wealthy white women overdo it
now we're gonna line the eyes I've been
using my body Brown my they have these
gel liner duo's mines acai black ink
still ink sometimes I do actually use
this deal away but I like a dark dark
black and I'm gonna lie my eye with my
Sephora eyeliner pencil that just makes
everything so much easier alright I am
trying to get at least one video of the
fuccboi series up either before the end
of the year or at the top of the year
I'll be working on it while I'm in
Atlanta because girl I held out on it
and I think I talked about this the last
time because I was I wanted to start off
on one that we don't traditionally well
I think that the I don't even know if I
feel comfortable calling this type of
person a fuck-boy but I do think it's
emotionally
the Platonic fuck-boy the one that wants
to just use you for our emotional
intimacy and sometimes these are people
they aren't even trying to have sex with
you they are just trying to use you in a
way that goes beyond platonic
friendships though it's seen I have a
hard time even trying to explain it
which is why I've taken my time so much
with it and because the person who this
is inspired by I'm still kind of cool
with and it just does it like something
about it is so dishonest and I've been
trying to like be considerate of him but
it's like see me I mean I think he kinda
is although I don't be equal in but I
think that's where I'm gonna start
and I think I have a firm I've been
doing a lot of journaling I think I have
a better kind of where I want the
discussion ago
I think if you kind of understand what
I'm talking about you dealt with
something similar let me know your
thoughts it's not a person trying to
have sex with you but they talk to you
in a way that so that they can get you
emotionally open like I have male
friends who I am platonic with and we
don't talk to each other in a certain
way like constantly telling me that I'm
beautiful or that I'm prettiest and
you know all the ways I inspire them and
they think I'm so great it's very like I
want to say it's like a constant
reminder of how great-looking I am and
how amazing I am as a person and how one
of the only people they trust and the
only people that they're comfortable
with and you know they wouldn't have
like these deep conversations about
themselves but emotionally they don't
want to be responsible to you and this
person doesn't particularly understand
how they are wrong because they said oh
well I've never thought about having sex
with you and I haven't had any sexual
conversations with you and I'm just kind
of like all right I wanted to do a holy
but goodies and YX Transylvania
I'm gonna save putting lashes on for
later all right this is night moth by
Mac I watched Alyssa Ashley's tutorial
on how to apply lipstick in it is
helpful Laura I was like what she won't
tell me I got many tips too and I was
like oh okay I mean I kind of already do
it but it's good to hear someone who's
conscious let me talk about it cuz like
oh that makes sense
so that I could be more conscious of it
she wears all her lipstick went out lip
liner I know I still think certain
colors like Pink's because of the shape
of my lips you know we both have big
lips so we have different shaped lips
but because my lip turns up and I do
kinda have like a slight mustache and I
am NOT going to get wax girl know that
Pink's tend to make that mustache stand
out or that shadow up here and so to
negate that I usually like a brown liner
I kinda just want to let it dry a little
bit and pack it in thicker
well let's take this off and this see
cool okay so I also because the lace is
a little off I do go back in with the
powder just to powder it
I guess the amount of baby hair is kind
of shock for me but is it too dark is it
to like do I dye it how do you make lace
lighter or maybe I should just put
foundation on the underneath of it
that's maybe what I should do this is
the final look it's simple it's like you
know I'm embracing my natural beauty I
know this isn't the typical like yeah
girl get all the views of static that's
popping on YouTube I know but people
really just watch me get rating with me
because it's a chitchat between the two
of us you know it's the moment it's a
time if this is up as the first video
that I put up in two weeks just know
that I have I do have another video
coming on the she's got a have it review
and I will be talking about this
overwhelmingly loneliness and I've been
dealing with because I just want to have
a discussion about it I think it's the
wintertime girl you know I got a regular
depression seasonal affect disorder is
like maybe we might grow the pressures
just going into overdrive
um be she's lonely you know like I don't
have a community here in Dallas I mean
knowing people's here and here but I'm
not inspired by people here so I don't
like wearing this wig a whole lot
because it doesn't vote with a lot of
light-skinned privileged people treat me
entirely different with this hair went
when I went to the GRE test I had this
on and the lady was like oh you have
kids what if I'm your pretty hair I was
like no man my hair is nappy they got my
beautiful nappy hero it's gonna be
beautiful
but this is a wig okay
skydive alright stay tuned so we can
close up this year with some great smart
brown girl discussion thank you for
supporting me this year the podcasts in
theory I was under the oppression that
we gonna get the podcast done by this
month but it's looking more like
February huh be honest it's a lot of
work stuff reduce so I'll update you
guys more for those who support my
patreon because it's still happening and
it's still working progress but thank
you for supporting thank you for being
awesome I'll holler at y'all later
defense
