hey lovelies Hades hey to my smart brown
girls it's an epic epic well I hope it's
an epic return it's something well we've
all been missing it's been far too long
and it is time for another pop star but
we talked about everything in the
lowbrow to the highbrow as long as your
eyebrows are on what to our minds aren't
quite there but we're gonna run with the
cook girl you got no more time to wait
as long as your eyebrows are on fleek I
know it has been a minute but please
remember this is the key a good time a
great discussion so pull y'all drank and
comment along with the video subscribe
if you're new here and if you're missing
out on my video let's hit that Bell for
notifications girl you don't want to
miss out cuz we know we're getting on a
roll here it's gonna be good to everyone
else
welcome back and are you ready it's been
so very long but cling-clang cling-clang
today yes I don't even think there's
sticker off the bottle I might have
ketchup but this is a red wine it's a
cab we're trying to do healthy so I'm
gonna sip slowly because I lose you to
be drinking all this milk then I'm on
huh but you know for the Pops lock
taking one for the team we are on it
okay so first up let's talk about
Braxton Family Values with a visit from
my alabanza what this is the finale of
Braxton Family Values girl not only be
watching with some like pops off so our
glitz is the unlicensed not formally
educated therapist
I am advanced and lean it on an episode
of Braxton Family Values to gather the
family that have almost all rid
themselves of their daddy's Negro nose
nostrils to correct their honoree ways
Wow
Belvin nose job except for Towanda she
stood rockin with it I need order I need
clarity
I need Lana I need honesty I need
respect
if nothing else ionic does make more
great TV and sometimes she does good
work
but I really think she walks the line of
harming folks deeper when she takes on
people who truly need to seek therapy
those are just my moral and ethical
standards so never mind all that I want
to discuss the antics of one very Pisces
as tamar braxton sis was doing v
pristine absolutely most and that was
the most uncomfortable teary-eyed
apology I ever did watch but if it's
real if it's genuine if that's what it
needed to take some sense into your ass
Tamar I guess I wish you well a girl oh
girl that was a lot miss Tamar I want
you to breathe trace will you please
forgive me speaking of unlicensed folks
making a career out of things they
unethically never got the training for I
love I love love love the investigative
journalism work of ProPublica hmm who
last week published a very long read on
the work of the more than me
organization wait for this one more than
me is a white savior charity feeding
into the for-profit crisis complex that
set asides on Africa because it's always
more compelling to help people across
notion where few can check in check up
and hold you accountable versus helping
your own neighbors I mean poverty exists
in America to says in this case one
young white woman named Katie Meyers
found her way to a community in Liberia
via her family's evangelist pursuits
missionary work where she set up the
school raise a lot of money and employed
a local Liberian man named McIntosh who
proceeded to well long story short rape
the young girl they were supposed to be
protecting from the high levels of
sexual assault that are supposedly norm
of the norm in Liberia
thousands of you wrote I am Abigail on
your face and arms and even on your pet
you flash mobs you learned how to use
Twitter for the first time and you did
this for Abigail and the recipient of
the 1 million dollar grant from Chase
Bank is more than me Foundation
so in the first place they were
protecting girls against sexual assault
and it hired a man to rape them
the long and the short of it is this is
ongoing for several years as McIntosh
Wilson's power amongst the needy
community Katie has had an intimate
relationship with this man because Doug
Brad you know white missionary women
didn't like his old lady trying to find
a make a Nestle USA yeah a comb do not
Joan I'm coming to see you madam I think
of it I Loki know someone else who went
and did like Peace Corps work was
significantly older but look if you need
a visa you need a visa I can't even
shame it whatever go back to the story
so yeah Katie had an intimate
relationship with Matt you know she
really wanted a black man badly but sis
you could have made that hard to come by
anyways
in the end McIntosh raped over 30 girls
and died of AIDS while in jail so yes
some of these young women are now HIV
positive and katie is still running
multiple schools in Liberia they went
from having an apology on the front page
of their website when I checked like two
days ago to a blurb at the top of the
website to the claims of how strong
their students are because let me tell
you no one wants to lose the millions of
dollars in aid donate it to African
countries that are so often so easy to
misappropriate keeping up with the
African news let's quickly talk about
the country that receives the most aid
from America Uganda the country received
billions of dollars of aid particularly
for their woefully dire refugee camps
yet has on the poorest populations in
the world I did a project last year on
World Refugee day and you can very
clearly point out someone who has gone
through a Ugandan refugee camp versus a
Kenyan refugee camp way where I didn't
really know
about the refugee experience before
doing that project and literally it was
mind-blowing because the ones that come
from Uganda were always severely
malnourished to the point where it
stunts children's growth significantly
so the current President or shall we
call him dictator I mean he's only been
empowered for the past 32 years
let me am I saying correctly Museveni
I'm not trying to say this man's last
name correctly but lose many is the
current president who's been in power
for the past 32 years it's torturing a
young Afrobeat singer turned political
activist who was utilizing his platform
to speak out against the president well
they did unspeakable things to me they
brutally arrested me beat me tortured me
abused me and left me for dead
well I'm me been talking to you against
my doctor's orders cause today I'm
supposed to be resting but like I've
always said the fire that burns inside
me burns hotter than the fire the bans
outside me now Kanye West and Kim
kardashian-west
are currently gifting the notable
dictator a pair of Yeezys
yes it's portable for some power to the
gym but we're making the shoes that
support football yes yes
yes
because yes it makes total sense to
ignore the ongoing international news
about the torture of a political
dissident because Wow a purpose of
nothing it's 2018 I originally just
wanted to talk about my interest and
risking a yeast infection to try out the
problematic babes pussy boy self but
okay so for the butchy boy contest well
it's not really a contest but for the
butchy boy trial
your butthole gotta be chopped okay I
don't wanna see no nice butt holes just
sending me all these shiny looking
bubbles yes shit gotta be chops fried
yes I'm looking for the discolored boo
cheese I'm looking for the boo cheese
that are just looking worn-out honey yes
I am looking for the light-skinned booty
with the dark-skinned butthole okay
looking for those brown balloon knots
those black balloon knots those purple
balloon knots okay those buttons on your
banks doesn't lay low for very long
since can't catch a break in the
industry because she's always finding a
way to self-destruct and it's like damn
shut up azalea like that's all rule I
just be like girl simmer down
quite down they yell for a minute but
nevertheless it's been an eventful
summer with Elon Musk and Grimes Doughty
lookin wealthy white people who it was
fun to see azalea potentially cause the
pushing out of Elon from Tesla to this
past week on a breezy weekday as Elliott
was tweeting about Kanye who will
definitely get to the hold of him a bit
later on but she was tweeting about
Kanye and about reaching out to her and
her keenness for the god-awful Candice
Owens that she claims to love smart
black women don't matter their politics
but somehow you can't find the smart
black woman that would support you and
help you do better any like you know be
there for you you good bye Candace
alright so while skipping over the
plethora of intelligent black women who
are doing the good
and are very visible on the internet but
then again she tweeted about missing
Albright leader Milo I mean when trying
to pronounce his rude XY boys last name
F him I guess it's just so point where
we really can't hold as a Leah to any
standard of moral ethics as a
batshit-crazy Gemini it just is what it
is but look it was a good key when Lena
del Rey bucked up on Twitter and told us
earlier you know where I live come find
me says and yeah we need to hold
musician's more accountable about who
they associate with but whenever it's
someone questions Azalea about her
association with like she's picked
straight pander to white boys
she definitely pander to the gate white
way crowd she's pander to the white
fashion crowd and she just always comes
I was aghast that granny did you check
so I did it
hehehehe but then you want to lump back
see boy you don't you don't correct
people in a loving way and I feel like
since you've had a relationship with
Lena since you guys did a collab
together y'all were at one time friends
there's a way to criticize and correct
that person without coming for they neck
so we pump it a night I mean how many
infinite Lissa to yo criticism when you
come for my neck first I'm gonna come a
buck up and tell you come find me for
real someone remembered a screenshot
azalea's I see stories in six months
when she tagged Lena and telling her she
misses her and they should collab again
look Macon salts is hard labor and I
know sis what's up that pact is income
of more songs to stream so it's coming
in in all honesty I really just wish
Azalea with stop letting her audience of
white gays boost her ego that she would
get a good cauldron of black women
because if you could find Candace only
you can find the good legs intelligent
women doing the work on the ground who
will give her the love and compassion
she clearly needs while helping her to
correct her politics I get it it's so
easy to become a cried and beat it to
actually hotel politics because power is
comforting the idea that you deserve
something over others is enticing but we
do so much harm and simply pursuing
power as they fall from a liberation
I will like Iselle his music and peace
dagnabbit sit but it seem to be doing
the most forever and always in today's
time where the news is always trusting
us out we went through the last month of
the summer watching the GOP push through
another privileged white man on to the
Supreme Court I think you've probably
had beers Center and and so you're
saying there's never been a case where
you drank so much that you didn't
remember what happened the night before
or part of what happened that's you're
asking about yeah blackout I don't know
have you could you answer the question
judge I just so you that's not happened
is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have now as
long as I want to check out from this
because how many reminders do I need to
know how much this country doesn't care
and if anything hates the intersections
that I exist that but there are a few
things to take from Kavanagh appointment
to the Supreme Court one support black
people and overall a diverse group of
people like disabled people queer people
non-christian people you get what I'm
saying
support them into law school academia is
expensive for many of the communities we
come from and it's not getting any
cheaper Law School is very expensive
there are so many ways to support people
through law school whether it starts in
elementary or high school or college
whether it's donations money food access
to leadership programs groups that can
help make whatever happen and read a
little bit counts to support people
doing the work on the ground and
particularly for black women support
them running for local elections school
board County Commission's local
municipal elections do it if you see
someone out there with great leadership
qualities support them advocate for them
encourage them to run for office three
payment for what your local judges if we
can be stronger as a community and part
we can offset some of the harmful
policies
the federal government puts out with the
orange popsicle in the White House it
feels like the Supreme Court is more
powerful than it really is but do
remember that your state and county
government can undo and water down any
Scottish judgement the GOP has been
doing this for years look at the
Affordable Care Act and how different it
is from state to state
now while a white man is accused of
sexual assault and giving a lifetime
placement on the highest court the black
man Bill Cosby has been sentenced to
jail all I have to say to this is we
should never strive to be as horrible as
the oppressor Cosby got what he deserved
and the justice system should be just as
damning to all the white men coming up
behind him I said what I said well all
the political talk the serial podcast is
back with a season three and I love it I
was not too keen on season two but this
season that camped out in the Cleveland
Ohio Court system with unprecedented
access and boy let me tell you do I
enjoy frustrating the issue out of
myself every Thursday morning with a new
episode that shows just how perilous and
corrupt our criminal justice system is
to not only black people with the poor
community at large but even more it's up
to white people
Cayuga tell you who the how you say it
county courts is the hole as met episode
2 of the season with judge gall I wanted
to smack somebody particularly smack the
shot of that dude I see just bring the
whole system down that's the only reform
I want to see this season's good go
listen some better news though not
without controversy because rahm emanuel
can't ever have clean hands but Jason
van Dyke the officer who killed the Quan
Smith by shooting him 16 times was found
guilty of second-degree murder and 16
counts of the aggravate
battery in Chicago quartz it's a first
among too many police officers who have
gotten away with murdering black people
like to take it back to Cayuga County
where the officer who killed Tamir rice
was hired at a Ohio suburb police
station though he went on to rescind or
turn down or whatever canceled offer I
guess they were sending his application
lightly because we're got out about them
hiring him and well in this day and age
people are liable to take things into
their own hands and whoa all right all
right let's kick this mood up and talk
about some messy Outback Oh
but likely never-ending news cardi B
versus Nicki Minaj I'm happy Nicki has a
new weave applier cuz the looks been
cute but she really has really really
really got to get together with the way
she costs other women but so readily
forgives the men that throw her under
the bus hello quavo quavo I can't
pronounce nothing tonight
now cardi being set off because Nicki
liked the tweet something much says you
are way too easy and really need better
your handlers if it is that easy for you
to become aware of a like tweet I get it
the haints surrounding you can be
fascinating if not addicting but
fighting over a live tweet
if it wasn't an actual tweet or even a
retweet
since I'm here with you but someone had
to have the time to go through Nicky's
like tweets and then bring it to your
attention to set you off
kick that person out you're like sis
beforehand not sure it will forever be
iconic cars career will be fine but I'm
saying more from the point of both of
these women's mental health that whole
situation was dumb as fuck and
unnecessary and for real for as much as
I'm inclined to chastise azalea for her
bad politics Nicki Minaj's politics are
just as bad it really must be a thing
going on and Hollywood but I can will
become a celebrity they get so much
money and they lose all sense and I get
it because all my friends who have
themselves become celebrities have all
commented on the back and you get around
these people and like they had nothing
to talk about
baby that Morewood life that uninspired
and I guess when you get around the
crowd and you can always have a couple
of yes people and no one will ever tell
you no no one will ever tell you when
you're wrong no whatever Chris I've you
in with compassion especially if you
don't have that good core base it is so
easy to I guess educate yourself and
Facebook means I mean cuz every day
brokers will do it I guess you doing it
too with that Harriet thing the Harriet
Tubman using a quote the Harriet time I
never even said
I just want you to let go these grudges
you holding against other women is
making you a little world dumb and I
want to throw a history book at everyone
used to Evil's heads that's really where
I'm at with this well so close it out
let us for rate Kanye West when 2018 is
doing limos that I don't even think big
burgers Airlines for America can
entirely encapsulate his crazy I do not
at all think Kim Kardashian is divorcing
Kanye she is too savvy and tooth week
were turning social media currency into
dollars to go that route even as Kanye
rails against social media and how it
impacts our lives as as his wife doesn't
regularly tweet out half naked pictures
to boost her bank account I am entirely
annoyed by Kanye's fascination with
again the horrible delimit she just
makes my skin crawl
Candace Owens and how he's made her more
profitable as she spews GOP all right
talking points that are nonsensical that
would you hold them up to the light make
no sense at all and yet he out here
playing the ish out of our blitzes
Teyana Taylor do better
you really got to do better with the
bangin body cuz sheesh we was all trying
to find a nipple we would all look at
home but what was that SNL performance
what was that
your titties
Tiana deserves much better the problem
is that Kanye like Nicki is surrounded
by yes men maybe John Legend challenges
him and then laughs at all but no one
that's really gonna penalize him as he
rambles on about nothingness for how he
deserves all the access and power if
anything people tend to give him that
power Gemini is gonna be the death of
all of us
from Trump to Mike Pence to Kai yang I
mean sounds really nobody neither Nicki
Minaj but everyone everyone everyone
needs a history lesson as they try to
reason away Kanye's 13th amendment
statement Kanye
does not represent black people stop
erasing the work of the people on the
ground fighting for policy changes that
actually impact us the people that are
actually attacking the systems that
oppress us rather than those grandiose
live TV streams of neurotic economies
rather than those grandiose live TV
streams of neurotic consciousness JB
throwing at us gay meeting with Trump
isn't going to do anything for the black
community this is not how politics
actually wear this is not how policy
actually gets changed him going and
talking about Chicago and him getting
business opportunities does not benefit
the black community it's dumb he needs
help
Hyundai needs help but I understand in
the echo chamber of yes-men when you are
famous enough to always be able to find
a crowd of people that agree with you it
might be hard for that help to get
through and that's it that's and that
and that is it that is all sis thank you
for joining I hope you enjoyed this pops
like we are back we're still gonna try
and see if we can do this pop smart
eventually it's a podcast but girl I
didn't want to leave you too long as I
gather myself as I get myself together
I'm not even finding to finish is why no
I leaned a little bit
calories in a glass alright thanks for
watching I hope you have fun commented
along and don't forget to support smart
brown girl the Christmas season is
coming at MU my other smart brown girl
pillow you get you one to get you a
t-shirt
oh we're adding some new sweatshirt
designs to the store too thanks for
watching thanks for supporting
