girl what is going on today hey guys
it's Josie did she do something on her
head did she do something or her head if
you follow me on snapchat you would
already know what's going on but we got
to do it get ready with me today and yes
this fall sir think I do work with you
say the book because I don't let me find
out where this here is from though
because my house cleaner I feel so like
bougie house cleaner housekeeper look
the woman got a name Stacy who come and
clean my house I've been paying her she
threw away the boxes the hair came in
but um it's a frontal Julia's hair I
believe they're Aliexpress brand Julia's
hair set me up front tulle and three
bundles girl only put two and a half in
just something with the I now understand
why the girls be doing all this I don't
necessarily understand how to do all
this but it stuck to my head right now
so it ain't going nowhere but we bout to
do a get ready with me and I will give
all the details about the hair at the
end of the video because I bother do but
my gosh oh my gosh that's a be a beauty
guru girl about so like all this money
they pouring into the makeup youtubers I
need to get some of that Queens so let
me get into it here and I brought some
new makeup so let me stress you out
while I figure out what I'm doing with
my makeup I stick into these brows
because I was in New York I miss my rub
ointment with my girl I mean here in
dailies I normally pay $15 to get my
brows I'm bougie I'm trying to be I've
tried exact cambogia so I already paid
$50 here in dollars to get my eyebrows
threaded honey does an amazing
she's downtown Dallas she's walking
distance in my house I got the time
because my time I go to the fight I love
plays on us but the $10.00 trying to get
there between the time and
transportation and she's good it she's
just really good but I have missed my
appointment and she only works certain
days of the week and so when I was in
New York I walked into the NSA's yet
Beverly brow which is on top of Sephora
on fifth I've I believe it's like fifth
and 52nd or like up in the 50s and pays
$35 get my brows waxed now it's two
weeks later but girl it was worth it
though
like she did a good job so let me go
ahead fill my brows in like I normally
do with my benefit brow cabal so what
I've actually been doing is I've been
using the pencil and the gel this is
number four I will have details on
everything I use in the description box
per usual even though y'all might
relieve me here we notice girls we know
what they ain't really here for their
makeup - hey one day you won't get on it
and I'm gonna get benefit brow is gonna
invite me to Tahiti when I ain't got no
good no more and I'm gonna be out here
chillin so I think it was worth the 35
that I say because she also shows you
how to draw in the brows and the lady
who did my brows has been working with
and Nastasia since the beginning she had
an accent I don't even know where the
Nastasia from Ottoman orders with my
brother I was on some European country
um but she showed me like why she was
waxing my brows the way she was how I
should fill my brows and she pointed out
that my brow they do your brows to shape
your face not necessarily to give you a
specific blood she also noted that when
my brows are two different shapes yes
they're fraternal twins they're not
identical it's okay you know I've been
on this mission to learn to love what
God gave me and I thought God gave it to
me even though these snapchat filters be
out here trying to make him hate your
whole face is so unfortunate how many
people I see on Instagram that don't
never have a regular picture themselves
every picture they gotta - okay so I
fill it in with the pencil and if we're
going in for a real real like a real
look like it's a look we then go back in
oh I hope this is my thing I pick out
I'll be getting home and then unload my
makeup like I know I'm not gonna be back
on a plane next two days and it's like
the Hong Kong and I got it for like 584
by booking it out of Tyler Texas where
is Tyler Texas an hour and a half from
me so now I got a rent-a-car
that's gonna run me run me about $100
but it's okay if I can't rent the car my
just just paid $100 for it
either way I'm coming out to pocket $100
to get to the deadline Airport which is
still cheaper than if I had bought the
ticket straight out of Dallas cause it's
like well now it's 800 but when I was
when I bought the ticket it was telling
me why it was a thousand this new thing
I got was too tart tape because Alyssa
actually we talked about this and you
know I bi could be influenced I have it
in the color 10 I have bought a lighter
shade you know it's always a good day
when they be like no baby you a darker
color yes ma'am
I gots to get a darker color cuz what am
i black so I hope everyone this weekend
is taking advantage of that white man
coming to America day part 2 you know
celebrating the syphilis blankets the
white man hand it out you enjoy your
family time
all right I really don't want to put
foundation on it so let's see what
happens when I just put this concealer
on I just get away with the face like
this
the thick our concealer is sometimes
just as too thick on my face for me to
not wear foundation but I'm gonna try it
the other way around so this is a tarp
tape and tan taking my tart tart tart
Beauty Blender I love this Succot this
really is a blend that in all over my
eye oh I think I could just get away
with just this and my powder
whole video it's a little bit and I'm
trying to beat that by six which means
yeah so I have a house cleaner that
comes and I had her come today because
I'm leaving on Tuesday and my momma gets
in my mother is coming to Dallas the day
I get back from my car and my house was
looking like a terror zone my mother
would have had all the words oh I just
dropped a cobra off what was the point
of doing all that and then you take it
off I do this every time and I so I need
to start remembering and set it with gel
it's kind of hard they'll cuz like when
you know your brows are uneven but you
still want them to kind of look even
girl that's fine
she's she's fine she's fine so I had
gotten a vib coupon to Sephora which was
20% off whatever you wanted so I ordered
a bunch of stuff I feel like I already
did I get ready with me but the look
that I had in my african-american and my
black feminist video that was all the
stuff I got from Sephora and then I feel
like also knew that I was shopping
online with that 20% off and so they
sent me all 20% off everything coupon -
so then I had to go back and get more
makeup cause like 20% off breath so
that's when I went back and got the
tarte tape i had already bought the
martyr martyr renaissance pilot but
you're not wet when I got that 20% off
this one went bought another one and
returned the first one on that box who's
not playing I'm not playing
$30 girl was a $30 I was like 7 I'm
feeling like I can't do math this is my
mobility area
with a supportive eiv I got the Sephora
Pro palette at warm which I've been
wearing a lot and I love and I think the
modern Renaissance and these complement
each other well love this palette and I
got this this is from also 20% off yup
and then I went back with the vib coupon
and got a fancy trophy wife and I had
put it back on again and she's back of
the packaging because I'm I was almost
positive that I wanted to return it but
I was like well let me try it as an
eyeshadow because it's a really good
every goal so maybe what we're gonna do
tonight
I'm gonna take a crease color I'm gonna
take
I left the thing in the bathroom it
leaves all the pieces so I did that
video on bless the blessed theory that I
did with YouTube I had a forum at
fellowship so they helped me better my
production so the ice tonight lends
--lens Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike you see
that we on it okay one people don't
really watch it things like to esoteric
cerebral I don't know it was like
wouldn't really watch that one but the
point of that one was about like how
it's not about having a seat at the
table that we can build our own table
and that we have it with dinner - like I
just don't want us to like I think a lot
of what I'm realizing is a lot of what
we look for is to just I'll have the
oppressor let us in and then it's just
just us it doesn't really change any of
the systemic oppression or systemic
whatever those words are oppression that
we go through it it doesn't really help
the community to like have the
opportunity to build itself up so to
remind us that you know we can do things
for ourselves without it being
necessitated by the oppressor right like
we can build our own table okay and I'm
a little Becky we
okay we're gonna do this one can you see
it because white on I don't know this is
gonna do weird little and uh why did I
just do that why I thought it was gonna
be peach I put this under his arm
because I wanted the gold to pop but
like this little African American one
you guys like because everybody loved
being black and the black feminist one
it's just kind of like I think people a
lot of people were like well not a lot
but there were quite a few comments
about well why not woman is amor whoop
why am I not what probably be a woman I
said it's like actually I am a womanist
let's be clear here I was trying to
start with something a little bit more
familiar with people and Womanism as far
as I see it's a term coined by Alice
Walker write this she said it was it's
like the lilac it's like what lilac is
too purple is what Womanism is to the
feminist movement I mean I think it's a
time when she coined the term you know
at the same time we're like the black
feminist movement was just being kind of
solidified
like the Combahee River collective with
Barbara brotherly Smith like that whole
movement was just happening and so I
still don't particularly see them as two
entirely differently as far as I can see
it
neither Womanism nor identifying as a
black feminist really separates the idea
you're not a woman√≠s because you believe
in black men more than a black feminist
does you know and I think that's kind of
what I was feeling like some comments
who don't deal with black feminism or
feminism at all as soon as they hear the
word feminist they're like all the work
for liberation has been done by black
women and queer black militias we're
here
okay so glittery glittery glittery and I
feel like I need some Brown let's go
back in with the pro palette sometimes
the things we try to separate ourselves
are the sex thing fake guys a little bit
of freedom we got now anyway
but the indoctrination is real this is
really glittery though this glitter gets
everywhere I'm gonna go back in I'm
gonna take this color pack that on top
I want it yeah you see how that's like
packing itself on top of it I want it
more much more dense like this oh man
but second time will be the charm but
it's really not it's not what's not
working probably not in the process of
applying for my editorial program
there's a good chance I hope might not
get into school but uh
life is not over for me if that had been
but I did go visit you Penn somebody in
the comments on my last get ready with
me was like why don't you consider it
you Penn homeboy have been after me
about looking at a graduate and looking
at Ivy League programs and I honestly
just don't pick up finicky nobody
graduate so nobody Ivy League program
Laura Mercier the standard try to clean
up some of this blue everywhere so
effective I'm on their pie list
garland write me on a trip down but they
have the the ski glow that please
Kiko and I was loving this
it's like a bronzer blush and highlight
and you know I'd like to do my blush
like a snapchat filter so I've been
taking this blush and look like print it
the colors on the back and it is
believed it's winter berry but look it's
printed this way so you kind of have to
like yeah
winter berry
yeah trophy wife just gets to that's a
wise there's a shadow right here cuz my
life started around my life together but
that I and then sometimes and then some
little bronzer this is the bronze body
just warm it up
and a highlight once hot and this is
where like so many highlights also I
have this amethyst the lilac oh my
holidays lilac purple lion I'm gonna put
it this down the center of my nose this
gives your skin like a sheen
makes everything this little really
intrusive put it in just my skin so
nicely I also bought this eyeliner brush
from Sephora I'm not gonna put eyeliner
on in this video but this is a
game-changer breath my eyeliner game
been like lately it's too late and I'm
not like trying to do like overall say
it's face wash after this you know you
got to get it in a scrub or you wear a
gel eyeliner if you wanna take these two
you're gonna put them together yes
that's what we do when you have product
Oh about the I believe stuff though how
do with the gotta get you know you've
been look at how eyes and we lose the
grad school programs like families whom
you have a long lineage of college
graduates or they went straight from
college on my girl I flunked out of
college I didn't flunk out cuz I wasn't
smart enough I flunked out to my head or
you couldn't get a bus ride back to take
my final night was hot me also some wild
decisions when I was in college I
probably should do a video on it since
you're asking about my college
trajectory it was interesting and just
feel like I don't want to get too
emotionally invested in this process it
is is just not funny you don't get into
this and that has happened before I
don't and I don't think it said that I'm
less than because beauty
with my brown borough Kingdom I take
that away from me but you don't want to
add an unnecessary stressor you know
stuff still be a blow to your cafe okay
I don't even know I put this on because
I've been thinking I should start trying
to wear colors without being sober lying
on the runner Philip gonna be my own
thing
oh I sprayed the peach miss link Jackie
I know looks like this is late I do like
it it's mattifying it really does Matt
and so I like to wear a highlighter but
I don't want it like I have oily skin
don't want to be too too shiny and
that's kind of just it just don't drop
it help
wha drop it but I really I love it I
love I've been by oh my god rattling
sadly has a thirty percent off coupon
code I will leave it down the
description box and it's good for the
rest of the year so I went in is thirty
nine thirty percent off if you spent $40
or more
so I even say how much off
I had thirteen dollars and 87 cents off
and you can use it on liner in the store
so I went and brought a bunch of
eyelashes and more glue because I'm low
on that glue they didn't have my
favorites which are the 207's the
double-up or mega studio but it's a 207
it specifically I love the to us ever
last I also went out of the Demi's the
full recipes are too full for the eye
the Demi is kind of our short at the at
the corner and then they wing out print
out the eye line you go but I got two of
those and then these baby dummies and
253 those are really dramatic I would
have to have island on with thee
and I think the double-ups I would have
to have eyeliner as well so we're gonna
try try the baby is just a natural
maturation emotional maturation is a
never-ending process of shedding
insecurities so I'm confident but there
are certain things I think when it comes
to something I'm insecure about how
educated I am it is that when I go into
a traditional setting it's secure the
right word I know that like hmm I don't
know like I went and visited UPenn and I
talked to the head of Africana program
and not an uncommon experience for me
but often times people get a kick out of
it they definitely find me humorous but
she was definitely like why aren't you
an actress just like try to like I don't
know do you really want to fight without
tutorial program and have someone ask
you why are you why are you an actress
she asked me first why I wasn't an
actress and then she suggested I apply
to UC Berkeley at Northwestern I am when
I applied at Northwestern she said
because Northwestern had a lot of money
I took that suggestion as a positive and
Ida negative though every time I have
applied to school for the past oh how
many years it's been 14 years of
pursuing secular education anytime I
apply to school somebody has suggested I
go to UC Berkeley and I don't know is
that we're all like the radicals though
so I will go become anarchist
well that's a cute like nice soft lash
I'm like this like really soft really
natural but you're not trying to do too
too much just when I get some definition
quiz
eyelash list people my my scare is the
bathroom I need to go get that plate in
general when it comes to applying yeah
my future I feel like it's right in a
way that I don't think I feel like I
completely understand whichever way and
you see how easy it went on
feel like my eye shadow something like a
cornucopia is that the thing that's just
you know I think that the white folks be
putting on their table is Thanksgiving
decorations five 401 which is my
favorite color from Black Radiance like
spice blah I don't know they get buried
my color mmm oh I also got from so I get
from Sephora Kat Von D and the red color
that I bought grandpa where to issue out
that color that oh outlaw Kat Von D red
lipstick outlaws who follow me on
instagram for my snapchat you know see I
love that you shot that color web for
this I want to something a little more
neutral okay now let's get into this
hair it's 16 and she is of the Brazilian
curly hair it's a frontal and three
bundles but it's really only two and a
half bundles cuz I got a whole new girl
I have a lot of hair left and I'm
probably gonna go back in and fill it in
and make it thicker I cut it into eight
Bob as you can see here and um I feel
like you know I did something he did she
do something I think she did a little
something you know just the look it's a
little I'm feeling it you know what you
guys think I'll have links to everything
in the description down below there's
also a coupon code the cool thing about
this hair was it's inexpensive hair
which is why I agreed to do get ready
with me with it because I think so much
of this hair is so X being simply girl P
smiling at me making you feel like
putting together a frontal when we work
with the easy
took me all day it's why it's 11 o'clock
and I'm just now getting around to doing
this but I just keep it let me know your
thoughts in the comments down below let
me know what you're working on if you're
in school this semester what are your
goals is this something that you're
insecure about with regards to your
education maybe I could do a video on
something about that I know many more
videos I said won't do and I'm packing
my camera with me when I go to Hong Kong
so I can still record videos wise it's
in Hong Kong because I'm not gonna
forget about y'all and I is working on
this podcast that's also why so down not
just cuz I'm quite a grad school I legit
was in the studio last week okay we're
working on things and it's not a quick
or easy process here some if you still
here make sure you are a patreon and
help sports more brown girl I'd help get
this podcast out and it's not about job
even when I'm slacking I'm still here
and the next get ready with me I will
apply the wig in the video because I was
so scared that I was gonna get it right
I was Gomez and I'm clear
I still got some work to do I'm figuring
how to work these baby hair I just went
ahead and did it but I didn't record it
on video but girl it's 51 million
YouTube videos about we got to be glue
how to put it on how to make it I would
watch all of them whoa oh that all right
let me know your thoughts down below
thanks for watching
deuces
