hi guys how are you doing I don't know
if I'm having an anxiety attack I don't
know if it's cuz I just got my period
today and my uterus is trying to beat me
up even though I ain't even know
 boys right now why she gotta be so
full she being rude she'd be is so rude
and I had to like overdose on ibuprofen
I don't know if it's because I just got
my braids done yesterday and my head is
tight in my hair hurts and I can't think
straight and I'm just late and I'm hot
because I turned the AC off last week
cuz it was in the 60s and the 70s and
now I think it's like 90 degrees and
dogs can't make up his guy I don't even
cars like that the woofer it's 92
degrees in Dallas right now I'm high I
thought I was having flashes holes like
what is wrong with me oh my god because
I bought some new makeups because I
thought I like have monies in it we just
don't do it get ready with me we won't
talk through it we won't work through it
oh let me turn the AC on again there's
myself be right back I know I've been
cheating you're out of content low key
because I've been doing insecure reviews
that end it and then there's just been
get ready movies and where the pop
starts and where are the rest of the
content you claimed he was gonna get
baked to do all right being a woman is
stressful right all right I gotta be
like a proper look like Jackie like all
the Nigerian girls I got my bonnets I
spent so much money on these they
finally came this one is lit though I'm
not even gonna front
like hunker got a good good product on
her handle I'd be wearing this ish for
no reason and I'm trying to find a
reason to wear it out the house because
I'd be like this is just cute this is my
favorite one so I will say though
because if you follow me on snapchat our
Instagram stories you know I was
bitching
I was complaining about ordering this
because she charges a sales tax and it's
it took forever to come it took like a
month for me to get E and then the
emails at work and it was just like no
communication and was going back and
forth on Instagram I finally got it and
then the wine wasn't sat in line and it
was too tight
and I had to like be aggressive in ATMs
and we're gonna like get fixed but
you know it speaks and I'm like this is
cute I guess if I keep shopping that
fashion oh but I think because it keeps
supporting a black woman I'm just like
when it comes to small business on her
now I'm just like don't order things
when you need them by a certain time
period like order them because you just
want to support and whenever you get it
you get e that's just how I feel
low-key somebody ordered my stuff from
London and her package and get delivered
I'm surprised she's a bit of my email
because I've been in my vendors email
like where it's busy I'd be mad at me I
love this pencil it's the benefit
precisely my brow pencil love it I was a
little salty when I bought it because I
had a white girl youtubers on the
package and I was like I don't even need
all that I just like your product my
lashes that I got done in London over a
month and a half ago they're all but
falling out hold my scalp hurt I just
got my hair braided yesterday anywho
back to the lashes I don't know how to
take them out so there's like three just
to hang it on and I'm waiting for them
just naturally fall out but my hair was
done by another youtuber who lives in
Dallas in the downtown area which is
great because everybody out here to be
doing braised be like Arlington Grand
Prairie Carrollton Richardson courthouse
I get to you and Mary I'm enough Mary's
her name but her Ansari
YouTube is glam by Mary and that is her
Instagram as well and I had seen that
she just did a tutorial on like three
layers of corn rolls I think she did a
pretty good job I'm happy with it you
know when you go get your hair done you
don't really know you have a vague idea
of what you want but you're not sure
what you want so I just I'm still
getting used to how this looks on me
because I just didn't really have it
like I watched her whole YouTube video
and everything when she does other
girl's hair and I just did it I didn't
know what it was gonna look like on me
like I just didn't know so I'm looking
at myself like oh this is interesting I
don't
I think I got it so I realized that when
I was doing my brows before I was
typically using like dark brown even
when the benefit product I had number
what is my benefit kapow Jo
it is number at number six and this is a
number four pencil and I've been getting
my eyebrows thinned out less so my
eyebrows are naturally thicker now like
my natural brow is thicker and so
filling it in with the dark color was
making them look really really thick my
mama has said something to me about how
thick my eyebrows were and I'm like
they're not actually that thing and so I
realized I needed to start using a
lighter pencil that come when I would
have balance out the thick look so I
wouldn't look too thick but it wouldn't
it would still blend and look natural
and like good and so I switched down to
number four I actually got the number
four the number five and I decided to
stick with the number four and this
pencil is awesome because I want to do a
more natural brow up next up I'm gonna
actually do my eye shadow before I do
the rest of my face and I know my brows
are kind of close together I will I do
that on purpose cuz I'm sloppy yada yada
I've been through this with me before
y'all know somebody said I'd give them
anxiety when I do my makeup but it works
out at the end girl me too I give myself
anxiety but I got the Anastasia this is
the modern renaissance one so not
throwing the Hat all the drama not the
subculture palette now that I have this
I'm kind of stuff like I'm a little like
how does this subculture probably get
called someone to drop me off the
fallout because this has fallout to like
more than my Lime Crime palette that I
usually used Lime Crime low-key doesn't
represent for the black girls and I must
Anastasia Beverly brows Beverly Hills
whatever I feel like they've been more
inclusive so we gonna go with them
definitely still need to clean some
brushes just brush clean enough what we
gonna do here what we want act like we
know what we want to do I really want to
use this love-letter color but how do
you do that
just soft GP I always fill my crease in
first because that's what I'm most
comfortable with so I'm gonna take raw
Sienna know this brush isn't actually
that clean look like it mm-hmm
we're just gonna cow
act like we know what we're doing now
from Sondra deluxe because I love her
cat I look she always drags her
eyeshadows out so now I just always drag
my eyeshadows out for some reason I just
want to put this warm tub color this one
can you see it I'm gonna put the warm
taupe color pack it on to my eye why I
don't know why you just gonna do it oh I
probably should have put the warm taupe
in the crease of my eye okay we'll just
blend it up when that ho up there all
right I have mentioned it before that
I'm looking into applying for my PhD in
african-american history is stressing me
out though because when I gotta take the
GRE and we don't know no maths and just
math just makes me uncomfortable I just
don't I don't know why I have to know
geometry I don't know why do I have to
know how to do the different formulaic
theories that a squared plus B squared
equals C squared or something not even
that it's the a squared B squared C
squared is a platform that theory girl
bad real bad real something my entire
way through education I cheated in math
class I took AP statistics I feel like I
want to blend this further about my brow
now I took AP statistics in high school
because of if you took AP class when I
was in high school like 15 years ago you
took the AP test you did not take a
final so since I knew there was no way I
was going to pass the final and it
didn't matter what I scored on the AP
test
I got a to by the way that I would still
not take the final it would count so my
grade that's how I got my way through
high school and I've only ever really
gone up to like algebra 2 which is about
how much math I know how to do then in
college all that got trickier um in
college I took economics class and I
just always sat next to an asian kid
that was racist but that's what I did
and that's I made it through um
okay now I want to take this love letter
and I'm going to pack it into my eye -
oh my god
I think I got a B or C in economics and
I only took one level of economics and
then what did I do my second year oh I
took it at the Community College I took
another math class at the Community
College to meet my math requirement and
that was hard bro what was it was a
trick and I'm a tree or something what's
after algebra what do you guys do after
that whatever that was I took out of
Community College and then I took an
online course and oh I definitely
cheated I took an online math course at
UCLA and that was I don't even know what
the math is after algebra it's not it's
not trigonometry is something else I'm
running a blank does it start with like
a P or something let me just google it
what comes after algebra precalculus
calculus okay whoa girl
pre calc I definitely took online like I
attempted to learn some of it and then I
applied for my MBA and I did take the
GMAT I got a six thirty on it I took it
one time I'm not even gonna say way to
go up deep refresh go oh I got you I
have two tapers I'm not putting any
extra color on here I'm just gonna bust
out that love letter
buff it out I think saying buff it out
makes me sound like an expert and um I
don't know does I have enough depth
color character for you can I I kind of
want more maybe I shouldn't have put the
brown on first I should have just gone
in with it and not been so scared now I
feel like I should take the Venetian red
and add it to the outer and then drag
that one out because I want it to be a
little bit warmer well that Venetian red
is actually pretty oh that's so pretty
so when the GRE is bothering me too it's
that a pH D is five to eight years long
to get done um that doesn't actually
bother me so much it's that where am I
gonna live for those fun I'm gonna drag
that out where am I gonna live for those
years
now I know you really only have to live
where the school is for the first two
years making a mess here but whatever
why did that I look first um I actually
look like I did something like I don't
know what I'm doing it I look at the
cartoon right now we're actually done I
think we can stop here take a data bit
gold and put it in the corner because
that's what these other hoes we do it
alright now we gonna get with the fenty
I actually want to try fed tea with my
Smashbox so I'm gonna use my Smashbox
primer instead of the regular Frenchy
primer which I do like but you know um
trying to be a better consumer and less
of just the person who buys because
other people have type thing because I
actually like it on my skin this is also
the time of year that I typically move
and this is the first year where I have
not moved in like oh how many years oh
my gosh I move a lot and I renewed my
lease in Dallas until August 2018 so
I'll be here two and a half years
essentially at the minimal and um do you
like Dallas I did a whole video on
living here I don't know that my opinion
on Dallas has really changed much it's
gonna at the point where like I don't
really want to invest in building a
community here just to be quite frank
I'm not really
oh I smeared that this is why I draw my
brows out a little bit further I'm gonna
go back in Oh
because Alyssa actually says this is her
favorite brush it's the Tarte sponge I
ordered it on outside and I got it so
I'm gonna use it with the 340 we have
340 Fenty Beauty this is definitely my
color even though my tan does go in and
out but it's now 90 degrees again of
Dallas all I gotta do is ride my bike
and I'll be right back to me and brown
cuz I tried to 3:30 and it was way way
too like mustard yellow and it just did
it it just didn't look good this is
what's hard like how do you get this
around like your I don't know I feel
like I've pulled some of the eyeshadow
down here
my butter actually ended up returning
the foundation brush because I felt like
I would just get more uses out of the
sponge but back to my feelings on Dallas
I'm just at a point where I don't really
want to invest in trying to build a
whole new community
I don't want to sway that where I go to
school though either I'm looking at
Vanderbilt like it's gonna be any easier
for me in Nashville it's like what where
can I go where would be easy for me
socially wise back to the Northeast
meaning I'll be back in the New York
Philadelphia area and I think about that
it's not even so much that that's where
my friends currently are it's that I
feel like New York just ruined to me
when it comes to making friends because
you just don't have to put that much
work
living in the city living in New York
it's just no matter your age it's really
just it's a lot less work to kind of
build you might not be making close
friends but I'm like at least a social
circle of like acquaintances is like
people you can hang out with you know
close friendships are still built out
over time you know it's cuz you had a
brunch with someone don't mean a thing
to be your best friend
but because it's such a city where like
your network is your net worth let me
get that saying right people are just a
lot more o cognizant and aware and open
to expanding their social circle of
acquaintances and building new
relationships is not something that
people are so opposed to alright I look
like an oompa loompa now okay I'm gonna
go back into my eye shadow drag that
sucker out oh I don't even know why I'm
bothering doing this right now cuz I
stuff put concealer on oh right and I
know I still need to put concealer on my
brows okay so I keep thinking you know I
miss my friends actually it's not that I
miss them so much that the last time I
was in New York I was like dead this
feels really good
I don't want to move back to New York
because what I do like about living in
Dallas is my lifestyle I like how long
my money goes out here but maybe I could
like apply to record it can go school
Jersey but I am at an age where I just
have to get a car I haven't looked hard
to me it's just stressful in general but
I could manage the stress
getting my braids well look how tight my
scalp like scared to like move my braids
too much on the side because their
braided down on the side and I'm gonna
try to pull out my edges try to move
these braids push these braids all the
way back if I stay in balance I'm gonna
just travel more I kind of need to fill
this bra back in though so when I'm
traveling frequently like I'm okay here
but when I'm home for like a whole month
and I'm just like oh my gosh I've know
that I really it doesn't I can't go to
school here and be fine here it's just
that if I do stay here
I am definitely I'm not I'm not stuff
that I'm staying here investing in the
cities and I'm staying here and
investing in my lifestyle and I will
definitely just be traveling a whole lot
more alright I definitely need to go
back in and clean the brow up maybe I
should've did the whole concealer thing
with the brow earlier on my bed it's
also time to get them done again so yeah
the thing to turn off about building a
community out here is that I'm not
really keen on this whole like hanging
out with people as individuals because
it's not like I don't have acquaintances
here I definitely do I people I hang out
with but it does seem like a lot of the
relationships are like very one-on-one
group I don't have a community all
everyone I hang out with is on a
one-on-one basis I've never really
experienced that until I moved out to
takes it it's like where people don't
kind of intersect you in their different
friend groups I think part of it is also
that I'm not very Christian like I don't
go to church and a lot of the social
groups do revolve around a very strong
Christian identity and I'm that's not
appealing to me in the least bit I kind
of want it to be lighter under my eyes
so I'm gonna take my Fenty and bamboo
and top that on top here see what it do
my um girl supposed to be here already
oh my look I'm a late person so I guess
it works out everybody I know here be
late as I'm I look this brow is really
bothering me it's like a squiggly brow
like I did a squiggly brow what did what
did i do what did i do it's this mark
right here and I can't seem to fill it
in
let's try again okay I forget I always
twist it back down when I put the cap on
cuz I don't want it to break off alright
we're gonna put a brow gel on because I
can't be stressed like this boy/girl
girl/boy a Mac whatever I've been using
this stuff for years I don't like
putting it on too heavy though so I
usually just twirl it on a little bit
and then spread it out with the clean or
clean wet this boy spoolie that hasn't
been dipped in the gel okay my battery
might die here but with it are we gonna
keep going Lily I did I ain't nobody I
just had try to conceal my chin hair
they grow under the skin so have to
break this again like I had one right
here the other day and I did break the
skin and then pull in looks like a
little bat you won't even know it except
but I see it and I know it can swell
into something bigger so I pull it out
and then I break the skin and then use
like a slight scar and then I heal this
out okay so now we go into a little
contour even though I'm not really big
on contouring because I got some real
technique brushes and I know on my Fenty
get ready with me everyone was like just
get some real technique brushes hahaha I
had already ordered some they just
hadn't come by the time I recorded that
video we're gonna go in I got a contour
and a powder brush okay I'm trying to be
cute here but look oh man
blending that into my hairline hurts oh
oh my braids aren't super tight but it's
like I mean she can't not do them tight
essentially they're just fresh braids
and I'm kind of just waiting for them to
like settle in and my scalp to not be so
irritated it kind of defeated the whole
purpose is wearing upon it by not
putting it all underneath the bonnet I
don't even know what I'm doing here but
I'm doing something now that my whole
foreheads out should I contour my
forehead
this is so weird to me I don't know my
braids aren't pushed far enough back
bless Mary's heart she tried the gel
down my baby hairs girl what baby hair
she tried to gel down something though
if I brush it back instead of brushing
it forward it doesn't hurt as much I
don't know if I did anything there but
I'm frightened like I did something
there y'all
under it's ain't even clean blue I got
to pluck these sideburns girl give me
with Shawn to tease her some mice so the
videos I have in the pipeline are me use
my real techniques powder brush the
powder in my face we're just gonna go we
did all that contour him and I'm gonna
use one color to powder my whole face
make me look super Orange this is the
Laura Mercier and number 14 I think with
this venti actually need to go down a
color in the Laura Mercier to tone to
balance it all out this powder y'all
know I love it y'all know what I love
this powder um so I want to do a video
on light skin privilege definitely I get
that done this week with regards as a
Lea's comments about cardi B I think
that's the easy entry way into a pretty
complex conversation and then being dig
Mitaka girl somebody on snapchat was
let's stop it about they've never been
dignitize and they were correlating it
to them feeling like they are not good
in the bedroom or something like maybe
they just haven't had good sex and I
don't know the way they explained it I'm
just kind of like a girl doll don't
doubt yourself and personally I think
dick being dick-notized is definitely
did I already just do this I just did
this in imma do it again
whoo so I also got these new Becca um
are these hot bronzers and highlights
okay these two I really like them both
um so I'm actually gonna use this one to
go in over at my contour i use my
contour brush because why who said you
could it why are you going over
something sparkly with your contour i
don't know because that's what i thought
was a good idea it's actually not what i
was gonna go in just buff it out
actually what we are gonna do yes
ginger Minj Moscow Mule I'm gonna take
ginger binge and use it as my blush see
oh we gotta do the under eye right under
the eye what we're gonna do um oh I
think we're gonna do a Venetian red did
I get powder in my eye
we're gonna go back in we're gonna do
we're gonna do the warm no raw Sienna
Venetian red tap again no oh okay this
might actually be a mess Oh what we're
gonna go with it maybe some of this red
okra just warm it up all right we got to
do some highlight now well favorite
highlight brush I am actually going to
put this highlight list I'm gonna put it
down the center of my nose essentially I
think it's a really good color but I
want actually I think I write this is
that general highlight actually I think
are there I think the payoff is good
really like double-take highlight by
artist Couture so I think I might just
water and giving me a little bit of a
10-man teeth don't even have it on me
though look at me I was putting put all
my stuff away and on it shoot maybe
we'll do a little higher up just because
I have to use every product I have in
front of me yeah put a little bit of the
bronze on top and that's it I think
quite good
I gotta spray my face this is urban
decay I just have it in this NYX bottle
cause it's travel supersize money I
spray way too much of this stuff on me
but this is what I do every time bleed
on I still need to do eye liner I'm
gonna do eyeliner all this lip but I'm
gonna let my lips dry Oh dick with ties
yeah cuz I think we say this term
Dignitas and men really think I don't
think some women think that really all
it takes is a man's penis to get a woman
turned out and I'm like yeah I realize
when a woman even when she's claiming
she's dignitize or she sexually hooked
on somebody it's never just the dick
like men really think they think penis
is as powerful as a and it's not
there is definitely an emotional
attachment there's something emotionally
there that is keeping a woman attached
to a man who ain't no good for her but
she likes having sex with them because
even in order to like having sex with
someone there for most women requires an
emotional component okay that was the
dark brown lip liner is this no y2k lip
liner so yeah I'm gonna do a video on
dignities and then I also want to do a
video one I think I'm gonna try I'm
gonna try doing um one of my old
eyeliner brushes we're gonna try a liner
here I might be playing myself matter of
fact I probably should just put a lash
on put a lash on because this is
precision I don't know if I have it
right now
I'm not least gonna line my waterline
it's fine I just need this the drag-out
part to be dark like jet black it can't
look blurred and I feel like that looks
a mess actually
oh yeah that desk that does actually
look a mess you did go back in glot has
a really good eye liner brush it's
probably the best line I've ever used
like every other time I've bought an
eyeliner brush from somebody it's just
never type of eyeliner I like to wear
it's never precise enough for me okay so
my camera battery dies so while that was
charging a little bit I put on my lashes
it took a minute and because these are
old lashes there's still some eyeliner
from the last oh it's not even on all
the way on this eye it's on barely I
need to add more glue to this yeah this
one oh that's disappointing it's not
where I'm so I was just gonna put like a
glossy lip on but now I feel like this
look these are a very fine nude so I
already have my X Y 2 K on I'm gonna
take my X in Cairo
that's the capital Egypt that's
Alexandria the capital Oh another thing
McGuire's to Dallas I start working with
the personal trainer I was working with
for a few reasons what the tipping point
was kind of he has a no rap music before
12 noon policy and I was working out
with him for the most part in the
morning and it's just like why is it an
issue with rap music like you're a
personal trainer you're black you're in
your thirties I can understand like
wanting to minimize cursing or whatever
like if you play rap you just play the
clean version sure
roses my ex and for a bit in the matte
lipsticks for a bit in oh just rub it in
Oh God
oh there because these aren't really bad
and I want
mmm is that doing it for me I don't know
just what I wanted to get let's take the
bonnet off this is not the shirt I'm
wearing at the house I live this is what
I wanted to do is this what I was whoo
this does look cute though bitch I don't
know if I'm okay with the lip it's a
little too ashy I think I want it more
like a beige look I'm shoes more brown
undertones
I was worried this hairstyle will make
me look a little childish I mean that
child is just younger but look girls
look making it all come together
um but yeah that experience you also
make us pray at the end of every session
and it's just like yeah like I do
identify as Christian but this is kind
of the forcefulness at which a very
Western it was another term for it I'm
not gonna get too deep into geology
terms here though like this
Western sow a seed and you know a little
self manifest and the Prophet for
yourself sort of Christian belief this
pushed on the people here I'm just not
not a fan of like yes I'm also closely I
don't know if I would be Christian
related but I don't feel like you have
any right to push your faith nor
question my faith I'm gonna add my extra
soft matte lip cream in London we're
moving from Cairo to London
ah so this white CK is kind of actually
purpley it's like a purple leaf around
how this is what happens I don't I don't
know how people be picking out lip
colors ago they look this is all
so I flirt it might just be the lipliner
actually now that I think oh well really
probably should've did more of an actual
brown versus the y2k but that's what I
grabbed this is what we're going with
hmm I couldn't imagine trying to be a
Muslim woman out here in Texas like Carl
well the way people like come at you
over certain things you just be looking
at them and maybe think of a being a
friendly and be a helpful he's one of
them like that's been intrusive that is
rather intrusive and that like you're
looked at weird because you don't
identify with the same sort of
Christianity that other folks do here
like maybe time you take it back to the
East Coast okay
this is a look though I feel like I have
20 million lipsticks on but my forehead
is shining but I skew all right I'm
gonna have me some cocktails I'm gonna
pop me at 800 milligrams is it
milligrams is that what they measure at
the 800 I grow from those girl well
y'all cramps is kick it 800 that's
that's the measurement ibuprofen that I
mean eNOS I don't pass out cuz his pain
is something else all right I hope you
enjoyed it was just me rambling there
was no point to this whoo we'll get back
with the regular video it's a smart
brown girl videos I know we hit that
some depth some concept here we gotta
get back to it if you got topic
suggestions leave them down in the
comments below make sure you thumbs up
this video if you new here subscribe
also I'm all social media y'all my name
is Jules e across snapchat Instagram
Facebook Twitter and this is how you
choose where to follow me yet if you
have a question about something that I
have already discussed the best place to
ask is on Twitter
I don't really be doing a whole lot on
Instagram I'm going to start posting
smart brown girl questions though on the
smart brown girl Instagram account
because I do want to feel a dialogue and
it helps me with video content ideas so
I'm gonna start doing more of that
so the jewsí and the smart brown girl
instagram page go follow a facebook i
post all the i'm trying to do better at
posting the articles that I read on
Facebook I do read a ton spend most of
my day reading and then snapchat this be
me talking to myself everyday it's just
me doing the most okay thanks for
watching I will see you so
do that Brett is my eye shadow higher on
one eye than it is on the other this is
why I can't never be nobody makeup
