oh my gosh yes this is a hair tutorial
in a long long time
yep I took my box braids out a few days
ago and thought it was a bright idea to
wash my hair at 10 p.m. because one is
time management
clearly my hair is in need of a good
cleaning and detangling of my texture
loves to clump together and start the
LOC journey I wasn't trying to have I'm
using the forum beauty haircare line yes
it's black bone and it's meant to be a
personalized hair regimen my sweet with
the Clinton shampoo revive conditioner
multitask leave-in lotion and defined
curl cream sculpt gel and polish hompage
first is a shampoo it has a nice slip
whatever that means it's just what the
girls say so imma say it too but I let
my hair cleanse and saw my process
through a wash day revolves around well
one I'm lazy I almost always start this
at a ridiculous hour in the night when I
had all day to get it done and
stretching my hair provides the maximum
moisture result as well as like Mina
having spent hours in the evening time
doing my hair you'll see me do a lot of
detangling through this process as I do
here while working the conditioner into
my hair cuz a girl who's really sitting
down for the strand by strand detangle
process every week to wash it when they
wash your hair every time I'm Lester
eyes my hair and layers I could build up
to it being fully moisturized without
having product builders the conditioning
in the wash process is supposed to leave
a good base for me to moisturize my hair
the forms of ID conditioner did just set
the first layer of moisturizing is right
after I left out the conditioner and
since it's late at night I use a very
small amount on the leave-in motion with
the car cream to twist my hair down and
take it to bed beyond being lazy this
also hasn't been trying out new products
to see how moisturizing or greasy how
much they're gonna wave my hair down
and if there's anything I need to do
differently in order to reach full
moisture
I do everything on damp hair my hair air
dried overnight so now I'm spritzing
with water before using the leave-in
lotion that I'm so happy isn't a spray
form I'm not fond of cream leavings as
they're not heavy enough to get the job
done but they're heavy enough that they
add to a bulk when I seal my hair with a
butter so I'm very lightly moisturizing
my hair with a leave-in lotion and the
car cream to break down in the corals
that will stretch my hair while wearing
wigs and head wraps I did use DePalma to
braid my hair down off-camera this is a
function of structuring my hair as well
because when your hair is stretched it
allows the moisture to better penetrate
the hair follicle it's about three days
later and I wanted to start my hair to
wear out if I was down with it I could
turn this braid out into another style
but I'm going to get back to building up
more moisture in my hair by refreshing
again with the leave-in lotion I'm never
using a lot just enough to dampen the
hair then with a small amount of the pro
gel I'm twisting smedium sections of my
hair medium and wrapping it up into a
bantu knot this is my go-to style every
time just wait for it
I kept the band too thin overnight but
that is not necessary to achieve this
style usually I set it overnight but a
couple hours will suffice I just said it
people are going to work and take it out
at my desk with similar results though
it might not hold us all I was quite
surprised with how nice my fro turned
out I loved the sheet on my hair and
it's that pomade which is light and with
the gel the shine just came bursting
through I want my hair out for a week
and could not keep my hands out of it we
did not have to be moisturize after
setting the band tonight I used a really
small amount of the gel so I got a soft
hold and I might try to use more the
next go around for a stronger whole but
overall form is a well-balanced product
line and the pump is in this fro check
the description box for all the details
on this haircare line and be sure to
thumbs up this video looking for more
tips on how to care for 4c hair don't
subscriber I want to do this no more
but download the ebook the guy for the
extra kinky coily girl who thought baby
hairs and sleek updos would spring for
it
I do got you boo bye
