fourteen billion dollars what's better
than one billionaire - well how about
fourteen
that's generational wealth that's three
generations at least but this in a
celebration of individual wealth
fourteen billion dollars what's better
than one billionaire hmm a successful
community good schools flourishing small
businesses healthy children emotional
support financial stability for all
fourteen billion dollars we know that
mass incarceration is one key part of
the system of oppression that has
devastated the black community 14
billion dollars ain't even the whole sum
of the profit that imprisoning black
bodies turns out 14 billion dollars is
the money bail system money bail is
people who are living by their pants and
so you know a day in jail is detrimental
85% of the cases that come through this
courthouse they're poor people they
can't afford an attorney
better yet 85 percent just in the nation
85 some cases are people who kisses the
poor people in the norm of capitalism is
always going to capitalize bail has
become a profitable business that rings
money out of the poorest community we
spend as much or more money going after
fines and fees than we actually get in
return it's like squeezing blood from a
turnip if poor people are poor and they
don't have the money they can't make the
money from anywhere so then they get
fines because they didn't pay the fees
so they end up having to owe more money
even though they never had the money in
the first place it disrupts families
homes and communities one of the most
devastating tolls happening in silence
people think when it's just bail work
they're like oh you build someone out
great that's awesome
that's not true for very many people
there's a lot of support and after
services that needs to be done because
people have been incarcerated for
whatever reason so what does that look
like in terms of their jobs in terms of
their housing do they have a place to go
back to if we do bail them out do they
have a way to come back and make all of
their subsequent course of court
appearances if we bail them out there's
a lot of there's a way there's ways that
if you engage in this works carelessly
that you also if you actually set people
up for failure to be reincarnated
poverty is violence violence perpetuated
by a society who continually suffocates
the poor
we haven't even broken down a piece with
the poor people this is just criminal
defense as a whole not even the poor
people who experience by even more of a
degradation than that we deplete a
community that's already living without
we criminalize them some people commit
our usual into economics right it is
desperation and economic so even the
drug offenses are desperation and
economics check fraud desperation X
amount sex work right desperation of
economics most of the time we feel we
are so far removed from them when it's a
hair thin thread that separates us the
only thing that separates me from a
client and was taking the layoffs it's
finite than shield that protects you
from being a body pressed to turn out a
14 billion dollar profit a traffic light
ticket a loud argument every year the
new laws being put on the books that
criminalize something
that last year five years ago or twenty
five years ago we're not criminal tax an
accusal you control what you do you can
control whether you break the law you
can never control what you'll be accused
of bringing you nor I are above being
implicated by the system and while we
tend to look at criminal justice reform
through the lens of men there's another
layer of silent devastation happening to
poor women of color female clients
there's no body they navigate the system
by themselves when it's doing reform it
always forgets to women the pre
adjudication imprisonment of women who
are unable to make bail
starts a cycle of devastation that is
hard to bring women are the backbone of
families and communities so it what's
behind a backbone you know like what
holds you up a side of your backbone is
that but we can help stop this bloated
system system that is so bloated and
that has blown so much in the last 30 or
40 years that it is struggling to pay
for itself we have the power to stop
this system and push for a restorative
reform that moves away from a punitive
system meant to entangle poor people
rethinking how we do or don't view poor
people letting go of bias don't run from
your bias try to change it holding on to
and pushing for accountability in our
local politics or nothing just showing
up sometimes is enough you know getting
on to speak and just ask
have questions informed voting become an
informed voter because it's not the vote
is - it's the information that you
process and you seek out before you vote
Modi to really figure out what bulk and
they play can they volunteer can they
write a letter can I make a phone call
to the city councilperson the state
legislature the the people that are at
the considered at the bottom of the
totem pole are highlighted first because
we're not gonna win until they're seen
until they win when they win we win
educate our people and that is a
vulnerable process isn't always
receptive but with social media there is
a means of finding your tribe and
putting the people the word out that you
this is your Sam by being an actively
engaged member of our community the
Commissioner's Court your commissioners
a lot of people don't even know who
their Commissioner is a lot of people
have no idea what the commissioners do
and being mindful this isn't just about
reform or deconstructing a carceral
state
suppose
take concentration before you try
imagine if we did that maybe we tried to
actually solve the problem so that it
wasn't a reoccurring
so ultimately that drugs we used it lead
to something else our commitment is to
be inclusive of building up and
sustaining a community
you
