hey guys it's Josie and let's just get
into this insecure review here I was
gonna use the notes that I wrote down
while watching it and let's just go from
there I guess we're just at that point
insecure where I feel like we were
hearing last season where I was like I'm
annoyed as fuck where everybody
everybody on here is annoying everybody
here is trash I'm over everybody they
really play with my emotions episode
went on oh my gosh
are they really gonna find some common
sense - oh come crashing down ladies but
this is just dumb I guess it's a good
episode when it can pull some sort of
really strong emotional response out of
you because I was really like
emotionally spent well maybe I was also
kind of emotionally spent because
brother episode of Game of Thrones with
uh a girl set a nice is hard man I feel
like next time is gonna be even harder
with the finale Game of Thrones and with
this Fox me going on an insecure what we
gonna do with our lives
Oh Lawrence in his whack ass white
co-workers whatever says hi story duty
to be playing on his phone on Facebook
you are in a long-term relationship and
y'all have a breakup like that the point
where like one person she didn't the
other person it's kind of like whoo do
y'all not do y'all not like at least
unfollow unfriend I mean maybe you don't
I'm friend because y'all have so many
friends intermingle but at least you put
your friends in that group list where I
can't see all y'all pictures and shit
you know you start blocking them from
seeing some things like is that just me
- I think the most truthful thing
Lawrence has uttered this whole season
is what is wrong with her
it responds to Kelly I like Mike Kelly
maybe I was like the actress that plays
Kelly like I wanna like Kelly but Kelly
keeps she just she's just a notch too
much and I'm just like you a grown-ass
woman with a career why are you acting
like this
and that picture was just so kind of
obvious like what was Kelly doing I
don't know I just feel like if I'm your
close friend and I know what's going on
that that's not something I will post
without talking to you about it first
am i thinking too hard about this is
this real life this is how we do cuz
it's not like Kelly's just like some
acquaintance it's like Kelly's a close
friend so when she shouldn't she
shouldn't she know better
warrants wait Tiffany's husband Derek
now I might actually start to like there
now I thought Derek activities ass
little restlessly house cat
light-skinned of a couple as we see
their company and Derek are really
private so what to me to kind of dropped
the hint that their relationship I going
through a rocky point where Derek was of
a hotel everyone keeps thinking that
Derek is gay I think that was like the
suggestion I kept saying I don't I don't
know but I will say Derek was giving
some Sajak's advice when he checked
Laurens right to be upset like it's one
picture they've been broken up for how
long you've been having sex with another
woman you don't broke another woman's
feelings like and then it's not like I
don't know because ISA did look Tasha up
so I'm not mad that Lawrence went and
looked Dean you up but it is like this
whole conversation about then feeling
like ISA was cheating on him the whole
time that I'm is kind of like mmm
Derek might be the good ass friend you
need over Chad I mean Chad's funnier
chattering zan humor but Derek brought
the sets telling them like bruh you were
unemployed for two years Lawrence was
unemployed for two years and that's a
problem but you know the works that we
got y'all right that's the name of the
non-profit so we got shy has a website
looks like they took they pictures that
this weekend retreat that you see was
just at but it says Ethan we're gonna
have we got child for seven years for
seven years you still broke his foot
because he will say that hotel see what
he said one of these is doing where her
life well when Lauren's was trying to
push back that well maybe Ethan's been
cheating on him this whole time because
women aren't slick and they hide it and
Lawrence's Lawrence Derek is like
ISA slick how using her dance even live
whole episode he said was just trying to
live her best thoughtful performative
life girl and clearly can't survive that
just fucking everything up right there
you you you wanna something dare you
really onto something
not only is lawrence friends wit Kelly
is still could see everything is
take a break like at least I don't know
follow I kind of like I delete you from
all aspects of my life and block you
like right after but I'm like especially
for Lawrence if he has her as he wasn't
to go about seeing another woman like
how is he still friends with ISA office
but I know that I didn't that the fuck
broke his fuck ISA who's been working at
we got y'all for seven years
Oh and now she's just becoming like mmm
inseparable in all aspects of life like
you you wanted to side with her at work
right but fruit is running like and the
way ISA tried to get one over on Frida
and like white guilt trip her as if she
was wrong no principle games might not
be racist but he's definitely xenophobic
like let's let's call a spade a spade
it's still discrimination he is still
like straight it was on point you know
she is she annoying a little white girl
but she wouldn't be so annoying because
ISA was still trying to be chummy with
her and like you know you my partner
like had my back on this if ISA wasn't
going along for the sake of going along
with someone who's clearly
discriminating and gets an entire body
of young students I know last season I
was constantly ripped about how like
Daniel with a lack of upper lip and all
those teeth who I'm a teepee person tube
Etha a day altogether is a whole lot of
teeth in one relationship Daniels
actually looking a lot more attractive
and maybe because he doesn't he's not
such a creep this season like what is he
think he was entirely creep I had all
the issues with him when ISA says she's
in a relationship and he still wanted to
sexually pursue her but now it's like oh
I mean I mean I know it's a false start
to think that they could actually be in
a relationship or that he is even
relationship material thinking about how
the relationship even came about it's
like what the edge of the best is say it
was she the one that said it anyway in
the exhale or was it the woman to play
who played Whitney mama the way you the
way you get a man is the same way you
lose them you know how that goes look
caring caring a compassion
it's real attractive on Daniel it
started make his shape up look better at
everything his muscles are more popular
like all right what's the name of that
fragrance Oh compassion I love it but
then even turn around and go right into
fucking Nate shit axe you don't even let
nothing breathe like I get it I get it
you're not at an emotional place to
invest emotionally so you're trying to
mask not working on your emotional
maturity by being a performative fact me
an extra heart it's extra Aggie it's
like you be putting so much on girl
you're trying to fuck all the wrong
people but we don't let you we gonna let
you cook on that one right I feel so
conflicted about this because I feel
like dick Daniel and his to fee I smile
his little upper lip guy who with all
that compassion and caring got me
rethinking about abroad
Esau here just lying into herself into
everybody maybe that's my biggest
problem with the conversation she had
when Daniel came and picked her up it's
because I don't really feel like that
was honest even if you know they can't
be together right okay fine but they can
still fuck and yes you don't you want to
be clear about where you stand at with
each other the way she went about it and
what actually came out her mouth was not
honest and then when she was at the
beginning of the episode telling Miley
that she knows she got friends I bet if
they should keep a big head downstairs
around dumbass move then she tried to KO
Niko and the races he out on but she
tried to do um and then you know just
being so gung-ho about sleeping with
everybody it's like you trying to sex it
away we see you heal cranes in the sky
girl didn't big metal crazy yo sky is
mad visible right now I think this is
where everybody really want to talk
about is my effing ma Li alright so the
C is Chicago where she talking to the
lawyer Oh what's the dye name from get
out isn't it like little R a little
Delray or something he got real funny
like low-key hood mean and I have a hard
time believing him to be a lawyer but
that's hilarious what is the pastor's
body what is that and why why is Molly
like what does it mean I've been out
here the AZ for four years I don't want
to throw that away that's like that's
kind of a little top girl don't be
taking my career advice though I you
know
horrible employee ish but four years
four years is enough time but if you
you're not making any moves upward and
it's lateral and you're being under
valued that you can move on like that
was some real good if I said I don't
like you know I was thinking that Molly
had it together career-wise and now I'm
beginning to see that like her inability
to deal what her vulnerability is just
effing up is lots of mmm having
rewatched episode I noticed that Molly
did say quite a few times through the
episode I want a marriage like my
parents like everything kind of ended
with nah I'm not gonna sleep with you
because I need to get what my parents
have
nah I'm not gonna do this because I want
my parents have I'm gonna invite Lionel
and play the shit out of homeboy from
this is us because I wanna have what my
parents have I get I get to build up but
it's like you know in that moment it was
like damn you you know he finally came
through with some common sense down and
it was so beautiful but that you realize
that that common sense was predicated on
a fallacy and in the child the child the
child Molly had a whole temper tantrum
over a fair that you found out your
daddy had from 30 years ago
that you are that selfish that you would
ruin upset your parents on their vow
renewal day like it's their 35th
anniversary so they were doing their
vows and your aunt says I'm surprised I
even made it past five years which means
which means the cheating escapade
happened years ago and in the year 2017
you decided to throw a whole ass fit in
the kitchen just Maxim sensitive this
child now what I will say is I enjoyed
the heck out of Molly's interaction with
her brothers I actually like the whole
family interaction even he says
interactions with her brother were are
like it enjoyable just that kind of like
chill every day Kiki it was just funny
it felt good
but um it's the Graham comedians and
dude I look like Tupac and then the
other kid
I don't you ever really known that name
I felt good it was cute it was hilarious
and it was much needed because all of us
would like chop two-ish out of Miley
Miley pulled a Laurence and Natasha
right in the same breath she invites
Lionel to her parents vow renewal Tasha
had invited Lawrence to our family
reunion why you trying to like come on
brother
you're not even have you not even like
really fucking Lionel you don't even
have what the Wang said you don't even
go on multiple dates you don't curb the
issue out of this negro and then it next
time you get him up and to come to your
parents vow renewal so do we place the
onus on Lionel and that he should not
have accepted that invitation I
personally do believe that like you do
not have to court or date for a long
time I mean I know that I should say no
but I think I actually would still go
just out of sheer curiosity but Lionel
still hasn't done anything to make him
not be like a qualifiable a quantifiable
what's my words I'm trying to find he
ain't done nothing to make him out to be
a bad guy he hasn't done anything to
deserve the play like getting played on
one like that and in the end when Miley
those are little temper tantrum like a
toddler in a cute pantsuit I saw people
say in that way Lionel was a sin for
letting DRO take take my leaflet like
Lionel dope no Molly that well like he
ain't never been it was how her house is
he gonna get in her car and drive her
car clearly they have like they at least
know each other you know out of I almost
feel like out of respect
why wouldn't I entrust you to go with
your childhood friend
what mana stone we know we not gonna
play sterling hey brown like that you
know he always look like he got Ashley
list but I still love them dog you know
that's my dude now aloof in the face Dro
what does it make sense is how Miley who
knows your wife don't even go as nobody
else
she doesn't verify whether or not
they're even in an open relationship
why is Joe's wife so always conveniently
not around that sexy was alive into
drove this ain't got no booty and so it
just looked like a squiggly worm on top
of her and I was just like oh this was
way more than I needed you go from
believing that your parents
had the perfect relationship that you
want it they still have a lot of
qualities that you should want to have
embodied in your relationship I know
they were able to still raise you in a
healthy household to the point where
that you felt like their love was so
stronger than something that you wanted
to have that as soon as that like
there's a crack in that verse I write
that you immediately go and sleep with a
married man - who just says oh I'm an
open relationship because quite
obviously that's still not what you want
I'm younger being a fucking they can
just like Lauren's back to ISA though
getting into this car accident which I
didn't really talk about first of all uh
you in a public bathroom in the public
area trying to take a titty shot or a
titty snapchat go into the stall girl
find you a cubicle some privacy why are
you so dumb you dumb enough to get in a
car accident because you look at you
reading and texting at the same time as
you're driving total your whole s car
and you're still broke as fuck because
you work at that job the same one for
seven years and you have not gotten any
real promotions but you get in a car
accident because you got a picture of a
limp dick is this what we are just this
whole set up so that she can go and curb
Daniel like that that compassion be
looking so good on him oh how many I
think that next episode drove wife's
gonna come back it's gonna be the eight
the khazars and the doses does it fight
better cuz I think she's gonna get her
whole chapter her Los Angeles alum knee
is heavy it's gonna be on Molly ass let
me know your thoughts in the comments
down below would you be friends with
Kelly what you think is gonna happen
with your wife next week and what's new
Daniel gonna do cuz you know niggas you
know niggas ain't no better with with
explaining their emotions neither it's
not like he's gonna push back and be
like nah but I really wanted to see what
it could go with you he's gonna be like
well you said it wasn't nothing so I'm
an actor I not being nothing
go get her all right let me know in the
comments down below doses
