let's clear some things up first when I
comment on Issa I'm commenting on Issa
the character not Issa Rae the actress
who plays Issa so when I say Issa is not
a catch because she's not I'm talking
about the character not the super talent
creator of the show y'all complaining
about the lack of kind of on the show
should really be happy Issa Rae cares
about our audience because y'all lucky
are annoying this is a primetime show on
HBO HBO loves a sexy with tips and digs
out east I have mentioned in interviews
that they push for sex scenes
fortunately we've gotten a sex change
without physics flopping around
everywhere unlike one game of thrones
means there's always a jump cut because
this ain't a porno and I don't need to
see J Ellis flipping a condom on his
ding-a-ling to get the point you know
insecure is not made to parent the grown
audience which caters to I'm not looking
for a sex education in the 30-minute
episode I would actually prefer an extra
30 minutes P episode rather than to sing
somebody put a condom on but okay and
lastly I know I understand I oversee and
the things are done for the sake of
storyline to be honest insecure is a
show about like nothing just like any
other white mainstream sitcom it's meant
to reflect as regular as people of black
folk of black women of black friendships
and it does it so so so damn gloriously
that a review sounds more like we're
talking about these people as if they're
real telling me Molly is meant to make
bad decisions because Bachelor character
are quite okay have we given enough
credence to Molly's wardrobe because she
might be emotionally a hot mess but our
outfits are always to guess the a drink
Thompson's fine underage ass is all of
like 20 unfortunately four years old
damn shame that he's that fine and that
young and that I was 185 much like the
characters on this show I said damn
shame how he curves it yet out of East
but he's so fine though Eva does look
different with braids like completely
different than that style she was
rocking at the kissing grind party I'm
actually not so keen on
while she was rocking it can be
offensive a smelly cheese buys Kirkland
brand alcohol you know there is an age
is it even an age limit it's more like a
spectrum when having Kirkland brand
liqueur in your home is plausible like
okay I won't judge you too much also on
judge though and you broken in college
and when you in what I would like to
call the Oprah consumer bubble the over
fifty crowd that actually pays attention
to what the ladies on the view be
talking about basically my mama like I
can see my mother buying a car can bring
alcohol
she probably do already break Kelly
Kelly she behind tried it this press to
be a performative taissa is annoying it
is so overdone and doesn't well we're on
her like it was a great minor episode
also stop shaming women's for wearing
fashionable I mean I know what you mean
but they DS feel really well for lemme
liberal or it doesn't have any friends I
mean like a light-skinned house cat but
compared to ISA where she has the crew
all warrants has is hilarious house cat
of a friend
check-check is funny but he is of no
emotional support and Lauren isn't lost
and desperate and a mess and probably
depressed and museu therapist stuff we
need some hope I understand how he
cameras out of Georgetown in Washington
DC with our network of male friends I
mean I went to GW and I was Howard got
him it all around but I distinctly
remember the black men at Georgetown
getting mad love from all the schools in
the area
that's hot scene wasn't an indictment on
the weight of Lawrence's emotional state
I think I was supposed to feel something
you know I did I did feel something me
to dig in my back pocket and find a
feeling real quick Oh suburban s white
girls in 1994 blossom get a boy really
convinced wants to cancel on his friends
and let this girl fit how on his
face
my pride I thought I've got bad I like I
got what about a tree like while you do
that oh you know that hypothesis like
you know something about my no not the
first time you know I dunno
he went from Pasha to that and then he
couldn't even keep this up for the
experience that was so assless
anyway they were kind of on the dresser
for all you PSA haters out there did you
keep it they were magnums but yo
Lawrence was beat out by a nigga named
LaMarcus my homegirl told me you had a
 hood nigger and a fat nigga at
least once in your lifetime because it's
just supposed to be something
extraordinary extra special and I guess
you know we want to assume based on a
name what market probably hood and was
able to keep it going after coming up
buzzing million when and going in the
next boom boom boom boom I mean it√≠s
actually just killed all so I guess he
might be on the pumpkin may she rest in
peace for us I do think it was Noble
that ISA mustered together that awkward
apology was an apology wasn't like
really a selfless moment like what like
I feel like she actually owned her
cuz at first I was like why the hell she
saying anything to him and she had
nothing to say to him she just tripped
over her worries so much and she got she
probably got into her groove and I love
that okay I guess in an awkward way that
was like you get like a half a point
girl but I do appreciate that you know
because I thought what it was going to
be was that her she's a messy being
you'll she's not trip over her words and
then she's either going to be in his
face or be consumed with him the whole
time he was there and I did I mean I
think it was like an honest interaction
like someone who you had that experience
with your eyes like you're going to cry
visual past but she she would keep it
moving and let him do his thing and you
know she could do whatever awkward thing
is I get covered by Felix
brother conscious self I know I say that
every time so Molly with the deltas man
drove out here playing like he's married
to Robin Dixon from Real Housewives of
Potomac who was actually a delta
that's so funny Brett someone last week
mentioned that they think that Molly has
color is an issue and that she only
they're trying to light-skinned men and
I think you might be onto something
because I just I don't really see a
fridge Oh
he just eaten looks oh oh I said it last
week didn't give me anything we are loop
in the face though so open relationships
are a thing I know people that practice
them I have friends who have
participated in sexual relations with
people who are in open relationships or
we're just in a I don't even know if I
would call it polyamorous in that day
and their significant other who they
were married to enjoyed having a third
person in the bedroom
swingers that's the word for it swingers
so open to swingers I live in New York
City girl like that ain't even like that
I'm not blown by it at all but the thing
with both scenarios whether your
relationship is open or you're both
participating in it at the same time
with the third person as a swinger
you don't bring people into your
relationship that you are already
friends with you cannot already unless
you try to be polyamorous already have
some sort of emotional foundation built
with set person because a true piece
whether it's open or a swinger in the
same thing with casual sex because
that's really all in the realm this is
when you want that person out your life
you were able to skip it skedaddle walk
on out with no drama you don't want
there to be any sort of other strings
attached to the situation Doug that's
not so gross in here talking about its
open relationship and his girl would be
okay with Molly who is childhood friends
with him and apparently close enough to
have a good key with the girl when it
was at the bakery which his wife but
that's not how this works her and Molly
would absolutely be playing herself by
investing her energy into a sexual
relationship with a homeboy who is
married because literally all you are in
the scenario is a sexual object like I
don't even know why Molly would I don't
want to face the money because I don't
believe that people who participate as a
third party are less than people but
they
we are participating in it because
that's all they want right now and they
enjoy it and they know what they're
getting into
first as someone like Molly obviously
wants to be in a relationship like wants
to be married want something more once
ownership of her relationship status and
so she would be selling herself short
because Molly don't actually just wanna
but even though that's what she always
puts herself out there so I should be
running away from her own
vulnerabilities I'm still glad by
selling Kay Brown bruh still met
Lawrence
ain't built to be an ain't no like
new man right - too many feelings
and he doesn't need to actually get rid
of such feelings he just needs to
process them as fun as chat is like I
saw earlier right that's actually really
funny though because that whole bathroom
scene where he was just being a house
cat picking up everything and then
didn't even cook the attendance but
regardless Chad ate what Molly or even
Kelly for that matter is to Issa and
he's just going to hurt himself
Warren's is just going to hurt himself
and others if he keeps on like this by
him in front of front east of apartment
I don't know what was he planning to do
didn't he drive away because he realized
she wasn't home I don't know you just
had a threesome and realized it wasn't
really all that it's cracked up to be
you know as much as I want to clown that
threesome scenario because I'm thinking
of an explicit memory when my homegirls
boyfriend bothered that's I gotta heard
about having a threesome so they went to
a Sears Club and I ended up having to
call come at like four o'clock in the
morning and help him get my hunger out
of there because she was so mad at him
because he got there he couldn't perform
we got nervous that she got pissy like
chocolate wasted drunk and so I know
from a fact I myself have never
participated in a threesome but from
from the most part
I don't know that I know any of anyone
who has I really successfully made it
through one I literally think I really
personally viewed threesomes as a thing
of like fascination and fantasies and
then when it comes down to practice and
practice it don't really go as smoothly
you know me
Lawrence really dipped in that pond made
some poor choices and I when I wanted
back to you so though like I really at
this point feel sorry for Lawrence him
and ISA getting back together is a
disaster waiting to happen and I really
hope that's not where the story
progresses to because he needs to get
over herself fishness and Lawrence needs
to be able to process his emotional self
well they both got issues and I just
don't think them came back together
going to resolve any set issues I do
absolutely enjoy how Lawrence's
character is exposing how many tracks
mediocre men I know in real life and a
lot of them are married taking it for
Lawrence lost waves look what a blessing
it is to be single in this moment girl
when I be scrolled to my favorite tile
and I'll be like bitch you are a husband
and you were capable I guess you're
stuck for 43 y'all Jesus y'all why did I
sing that Kelly was about to throw up at
the table well so slow I thought she was
drunk and then I played it back while I
watched each episodes life that is so
trifling but he liked his fingers at the
end he said with Daniel doesn't make me
as irritated as it did last season I
think they both handle themselves well
this episode I don't need them to be
together with his upper lip or lack
thereof doesn't bother me as much this
season I think you know I would actually
like okay when she got up and took her
little waffle over there and sat down
next to him because she she just wanted
to have a conversation with him and he's
seen welcome to it now I don't date
Katz's so
tread lightly girl I still just you know
for me I I think the thing is like I'm
so adverse to seeing any of these
characters connect intimately
relationship wise with one another is
because I just think they all
independently really need to take day
time we all though we all out here
repeating a system Maxine Waters talked
about reclaiming my time as in I don't
want anybody to waste my time but in
order for us to not want anyone else to
waste that time we also have to make an
actual effort to not waste other
people's time so what does that mean and
I got a whole video about this from like
two years ago emotional maturity and one
of the things I said in that video is
that as you work on your emotional
maturity which just takes time and
patience and journaling and being
cognizant of the ways you interact with
people and the things you do and how
different perspectives can matter in a
scenario just be not being critical
having critical thoughts you know taking
your time with it but the more you
become emotionally mature the more
you're going to realize how many other
people throughout the world are just not
emotionally mature we don't live in a
society that encourages us to deal with
our emotional self so as much as I kind
of like keep saying I want these
characters to work on their emotional
self emotional maturity
some people don't you know and officials
going to be honest people are going to
get back together and I'm going to have
critiques about it because they not they
not emotionally mature enough to be
together but folks are going to get back
together our folks are going to hook up
because that is what happens in real
life and people just I guess you know
progress to a point of emotional
maturity or just put up with it I don't
know what folks be doing on it's not
it's not like I'm trying to live out oh
but let me know in the comments down
below what were your thoughts in this
episode I personally thought it was a
very funny and it was I think the title
was so apt because it did feel like very
la like kissing crying which I've been
to before is a very la party you just
saw a lot of LA kind of specific moments
in episode I question though if this
season I think did they drop the Drake
references is it not happening again in
season 2 yard almost the note rate to be
nowhere so if I miss a Drake reference
let me know in the comments down below
and let me know what do you think about
open relationships and how do you feel
when do you feel that draws even being
honest and - how do you feel about Miley
crossing that line I really hope she
just Carl I'm hoping for a lot which you
know how is all let me know in the
comments down below make sure you thumbs
up this video and if you're new here
girl you're not subscribed by a wish it
all away what's your weigh in on deuces
