hey guys it's Uzi and I'm back back back
Eddie cuz all bitch got the screen or
hey actually all praises of a young man
who attempted to platonically waste my
time
he absolutely disrespected a when he
stood me up which led me to Dooley
blocking him in every corner of the
digital world why I carry myself home to
watch tonight's episode on Friday
because some stupid white boy has the
Atrio screener website but y'all hosted
a hastily made all chummy is that the
shark hold up well I got the streamers
on Friday actually ended up watching
tonight's episode on Friday thanks to
the old boy standing yet do this to him
because the website was hacked and so I
couldn't rewash the episode because I
like to rewatch it as I write my review
to make sure I'm not missing nothing so
schools yo man whoo let's get it
together it's a nice episode tonight
tonight's episode have all the crackly
selecting a perfectly placed song I was
yeah had the whole damn episode bring me
this so what is it nebulous risk
I guess hazy is an accurate description
of what took place when ISA Shamli drop
it low is more of a like a lady back and
spread a Y on a couch for Lawrence you
somebody sitting on a girl what kind of
friend is you he says I promise you this
whole Lawrence High movement is just
going to show how dense dumb and
annoying black man in there eight she
ways can be because who really thought
warrants was smart or slick or cut it
enough to execute revenge sex on ISA
like this this is the same man blowing
up an air mattress at his homeboys crib
so I'm from being on the proverbial
couch at ISA - inconveniencing his
homeboy
who's that homeboy is the epitome of
light-skinned people that egg white
house cast and Lauren's take Tasha out
on a date only after the white get house
cat points out how he's taking advantage
of her oh I really need to learn the
name of Molly's black woman therapist
who is dropping on the jewel their words
of wisdom that I alabanza couldn't have
magical thinking giving my cycle
will read and gather my
uncomfortableness with my emotional
availability off so just uh are you
comfortable with your life going another
way than how you can stress today in
your dreams let me know in the comments
down below
haha Olli and the shade with the O gotta
talk about way
why didn't Molly pull the girl up on
Instagram don't be don't don't don't
really don't be that friend I could when
I say I don't want to know I don't want
to know because my detective gadget
senses are too damn strong I will find
everything short of homegirl social
security number if you give me any
identifying detail and of course there
weren't you supplementing over Tasha's
Instagram I mean Tasha does have a
bangin body
but channel Somali being the Frank who
pulled uh-oh
I was just in the neighborhood boy so
casually all pull her friends I don't
know why though she point-blank asked
Lawrence if there was a chance for him
to get back what you saw because it is
kind of a I mean it kind of forces his
hand into saying no because the boy is
so damn R&B singer confused
I appreciate the move as being a
down-ass friend but logically I wouldn't
expect the move to work at this point in
the game and I'm not even rooting for
ISA and Lawrence to get back together as
they both have a lot they need to work
out within themselves ten here is your
weekly reminder be careful about how you
judge Tasha we all don't be in her shoes
so let's walk through this so he comes
to you saying he broke up with his
girlfriend on our moral high ground we
don't fuck with Negros who just got out
of five year relationships because it
takes 36 months for them to get over
being in love true story but you live in
LA where the average black man ain't
checking for you if you don't look like
you mix with something or you don't have
the right quantity of silky down baby
hair but the white boys be all over it
so you just want to stand firm and y'all
black love you said whether with a black
man and she bring it from the side and
them but you just trying to stand firm
and yo black love you supported with a
black man and shit
and you from the back and sideways and I
me just wanted out on a consistent basis
isn't such a long time
anyway so you bend it over and sew it
back willingly NRV sensitive negro like
Lawrence is probably whispering sweet
nothings and sending engaging as
good-morning text on a regular
consistent basis so you get sprung off
of the little bit of breadcrumb actually
he's fooling you because Society says be
patient and kinds of black men is a
bargain young Queens then he tells you
he slept with his XO you saw him to
leave while you process your emotions
about someone you're not even really in
a relationship with it's just a hell of
a consistent situation even after you
taught him to briskly Louise the Negro
shows up later apologetic and preppy I
and you like came in your Twitter
patient is clouding your better judgment
and borough we all be entire and less
than you grow back into our house try to
make a home out of this ancient Negro
blood or led to trapdoors Beyonce don't
warned us this route too insecure ISA
inter looping xenophobia was in the
black community
racism requires power but black folks
are just as capable of being
ethnocentric in Venice Obon towards
others Eva really ain't shit if she
don't report it even if Frida is that
unbearable kind of paper clip where and
think she will cause she follows the Ray
kind of white person vice-principal
games more than cross the line with that
taco meat versus brown folk conversation
and Frida annoyingly does have a point
Ethan we gotta do better and reports Ola
cry actually Negro of an offensive
school administrator get honest is the
scene went Lawrence the light-skinned
housecat frame and the sniffling girl
from awkward black girl now playing a
real estate agent
I was just subway and for her to take
out a tissue and leg blow her nose and
wipe her nose or something just for old
times sake
but the two-bedroom is perfect for Brian
McKnight
I mean Lawrence's feelings and want for
him to sleep in life IndieGoGo joke haha
how do you feel about the ending with
ISA texting a guy on Twitter trying to
put yo yo get down like that yeah well
I've seen on your little city but Lima I
came here I go after Hannibal once
passing day does I really want though
even if you are using tinder as a hookup
at the big net
about it really gives you somewhere let
me know in the comment down below how
you feel and tell me once is a songs you
think will be featured in the next
episode because like I said this is a
control this is control in a TV series
if there's anything that I miss because
I really did plan to rewatching I least
want to like talk about some of the
music there were so many songs that I
didn't really I wasn't like Shazam the
man pulling my yeah i'm hella zombie
audience always felt they was like this
whole conversation uh-oh but if there
was anything I misuse if I did land
every watch it before putting this up
but damn hackers it Elise let me know in
the comments down below and if anything
it will be in the full post that's
linked down below hit that thumbs up and
be sure to subscribe
can I help you I'd like to make a
deposit oh oh
