me hey guys is Josie and I know it's
been a minute since I've put out like a
I guess the last like video where you
seen me straight on was when I didn't
get ready with me and for some reason
you guys enjoyed that one maybe get off
of my fashion OVA you guys didn't really
watch my last dopey video are you guys
tired of it over me I'm trying look I am
fighting hard duck pushing back
harmonies buddies at the real word
pushing back hard to make sure that they
allow me to do content that is actually
what you guys want to see
so my last Adobe video it would be so
beautiful if you went back and watched
it the one about who inspires who
impacts me because it's really not
really about what we eat is about the
beautiful women on YouTube who have
helped me evolved into the smart brown
girl that I am today
and I did like I you know I hired a
designer a black designer Tammy who did
a really beautiful job and I can't wait
for the posters to come in oh so just to
see his work and like all the time that
went into it was you know you don't have
to watch after this video you know go
back watch that video and then come back
to this alright one of the questions I
get the most is about what am I reading
connected just bookless I already have
two on my channel I believe one from
2015 to then one from last year you and
them are reading a scale bag I still buy
books if I love books and I have read
now I have not loved everything that I
have read so this isn't necessarily a
list about what to read it's more of a
list of what I have read and a list of
what I'm planning to Reese let's get
into it
first up is home going by da GC yo Jess
Jesse I think it's pronounced Jessie
girl somebody is loving I totally
different housing I'm honest I am
American bruh amazing book love it happy
to be at Adonis library because I was
checking out books or returning books I
have a library card and I live across
rooms in the library and I'm there often
and it's so happenstance she was there
artists doing autographs of her book so
you know I ran my hands behind back home
pick mumbles up and boom boom boom got
it and so I definitely plan on
restarting the smart brown girl book
club this is not
going to be the first book featuring
when it starts back up but amazing great
book especially if you're into the
history the African Diaspora it is
fiction but it kind I love that it hits
on both the notes of the history of
Ghana and of Africans as slaves in
America and kind of what transgressed in
the history of African Americans the one
thing I will kind of know I don't know
do I want to actually do want to do a
full review on this book a full review
because I have a lot of thoughts about
it and I definitely felt like I might
add critiques about Americana we're like
Chimamanda you definitely could tell it
was like Nigerian and didn't really care
or have a personal attachment to like
the African American experience and I
felt that way about this too that had to
be looking but it's not it's not
available criticism as I had of
Americana of this because I don't feel I
should get african-american a disservice
I just feel like sometimes when I got
into the more recent aspects to the
african-american the way the book is
broken down you have to read it girl
just go read it but I do feel like I got
to start in Chaves I could kind of tell
like yeah I feel like there's more of a
personal attachment to the hitch to the
gaim a inside of the history versus the
african-american side way all
intertwined to deal with two sisters and
one get sold into slavery and one has a
child with the colonizers ha great book
I love it link will be down below in the
I above because somebody was talking
about this on Twitter so I got this book
and I did read it Colson whitehead the
Underground Railroad and I did not like
it
interest and I read it right after
reading homegoing and so this one they
have a simple knot it's really so much
this one talks about oh that's how much
I like it I'm I'm with the book as well
about leaving on the Underground
Railroad um running away from slavery
but they kind of literally find an
underground RORO like literally find a
train that goes underground so slight
slight mysticism I just eat rice with to
the narrative of a woman and I kids how
it wasn't really written by a black
woman you know my favorite book is a
couple of our familiar by Alice Walker
is so you can't you can I just I felt
like it just was a
cleeshay not a battery like I'm not bad
I bought it but I just took like okay
recent book that I have read is pedagogy
of the oppressed which I have mentioned
so many times in so many videos because
it has blown my mind entirely if you
watch my last video
where I put in a clip of the livestream
I did with Adobe which is also on their
Facebook page so you can go see it
because I do name check the book I say
about how like the difference between
humans and animals that we create
history chapter 2 of this book bro it's
a heavy heart read I mean it's
highlighted with notes but like
sometimes you should realize that you've
been doing things a certain way and not
realizing how in line they are already
with a certain philosophy and then
having it being in articulated in such
an intelligent way it's also translated
from Brazilian so it does do a little
repetitive
so it had a struggle getting through
chapter 4 even though the end of chapter
4 was like pow pow pow wow I don't know
that I would get this on audible though
because I don't think I would be able to
like take it all in I had some other
books on audible and I just don't think
I think when I'm passive listening
because I have like my mind clearly be
everywhere but here I just be all over
the place I think having it in Texas
Emporium currently I am reading killing
the black body by Dorothy Roberts if you
have questions about black feminism if
you have questions about how the
reproductive rights and the restrictive
nosov our race through the walls
actually is a war against the black
woman body read this sucker here I check
it out from the library and had gotten
halfway through and I realized life
pedagogy the press I need to give it a
highlight a right note so I'm rereading
it from the beginning
I literally should be like somewhere
here in the book well most part all over
again get through this um where she
talks about north pleasures about so
many things you don't realize how much
we've been training via media and like
the crack epidemic and crack babies to
like really side with white supremacy
and patriarchy against the black female
body I know
these are books that I haven't read this
Jia's talentino who's writing I think
it's amazing she writes for The New
Yorker currently formerly of jezebel.com
this is what it means when a man falls
in the sky it's a collection of short
stories the author is Nigerian I could
tell because I've read the first two
chapters and it only took me like I read
it I read it standing so I can ourselves
will be a good book but it is a lot of
notes on the Nigerian experience spread
the first story like the ending was like
oh um I got why I'm not a feminist by
Jessa Crispin because Amazon recommended
it to me and I believe I also saw
Kimberly Foster um you say she tweeted
our Facebook about it the fall and this
is big hey girl but I've heard it's good
every time I make a purchase it like
pasta with all my other purchases I
believe when I bought killing a black
body I had this bookmarked to look back
into and then Kimberly to divide it as a
clue okay let me go ahead and read it uh
what's his name on Twitter recommended
fist book he light-skinned with a beer
and I believe I want to say his first
name is Colin well remember girls liking
the videos at at this point the color of
law of regarding history of how our
government targeted America oh I'm
excited it written bit yes girl I love a
good read on the history of America and
white supremacy that we were not taught
Oh get so education are not be
manipulated
don't be following I think I stuck
through my own phobias are I'm sure
these facts only I'm gonna have a video
on that statement later I've also been
reading this but I haven't gotten that
far and I've had it checked out from the
Dallas library since February
it's not late they just keep renewing it
for me black sexual politics
african-americans gender and the new
racism by Patricia Hill Collins she's
the one who came up with the term
intersectionality or was I kimberlé
crenshaw
I have sometimes checked out a kimberlé
crenshaw book too and then I don't
remember
um yeah but because there is just so
much homophobia
misogyny sahjhan waar whatever you want
to call that isolate I just want to be
better understanding of it and so I got
that book because I do want to do it I
do want to do a video about black women
and homophobia but I don't know that I
necessarily have the word or the
intellectual understanding right now
it's like fully be able to like handle
that conversation because I know y'all
gon want company this is part of that
research girl okay but Patricia Hill
Collins is very much so noted that is
all for this video let me know in the
comments down below what have you been
reading I would love to hear if you have
any book selections I think I'm pretty
good through this year for books but
then also going to the fall I'm thinking
about applying to grad school and taking
the GRE I don't know how much time is
going to be my goal is to bring this my
brown girl book club back in October
alright thanks again for watching let me
know what y'all been reading if you had
recommendations I want to hear this
dialogue let's have a cake
