I jules e recently traveled to Boise
Idaho Al and many of us imagine is
filled with white people and potatoes
but stick with me and Boise offers
something that is definitely aligned
with the integrity and cultural
awareness of smart brown girl in honor
of World Refugee day I traveled to Boise
with the International Rescue Committee
met with members of a Congolese refugee
community who through the IRC have been
placed in Boise and Megan is their point
of contact via the IRC there's a few
misgivings about what the refugee
resettlement process actually looks like
like the pervasive idea that they get an
abundance of the handout that's greater
than what Americans themselves have
access to our most intensive period of
time that we work with clients is
anywhere from three to eight months but
we provide services repetition alive
it's very short we bought to be
self-sufficient home area and the latest
that usually about seven months we first
met with Maria will watch a young woman
who with her family fled to Kenya and
were then resettled in November of 2015
and Weezie
back in college education is not like
some things that matter fellows what
seems like a dream can also have some
downsides especially if you're coming
over as a young adult seeking to further
your education but in candy lips I was
in university I was remaining with one
year to graduate but I had to come here
so they coming to Boise like I have all
my papers and they're telling me like
you have to start all over again when
you're idea of America before you got
here like what did you think it was
going to be like when your friends go to
us and on Facebook you see them start
posting pictures of themselves and
you're like this yellow stuff this other
way just the other month and so I really
wanted to come and where do you work I
work at Walmart I'm doing at the fabrics
and crafts department no interact with a
lot of people and it's fun but I hate
defending what's your goal in America
even standing back in Kenya Alex I
wanted like to help the ladies
especially the young ladies so I studied
finance
and my idea was I want to do finance
because I want to have like a
microfinance so it can be helping here
with money like little loans to set up
their businesses
faster I haven't been on YouTube called
smart brown girl it's about defining
your own success story America it wasn't
you can use my glow it's called the glow
up you glow up here well I guess see
since I came all the questions I asked
Maria if she had any ass for me she's a
good person to follow and of course
because eyebrows always on fleek Maria
asked that I show her how to do her
eyebrows delighted to pass on the fleek
age even though I didn't have the right
concealer for Maria's skin tones and I'm
about on par with your favorite
Instagram MUA who can do their face but
not so much all others might have given
Maria two different eyebrow shapes I
mean I was just giving her options but
cultural exchange over beauty products
is always fun and Maria was feeling
herself just as soon okay you can look
at yourself again and see hmm I don't
know back up a concealer is so far off
but you like yeah okay I was like
nervous like oh my god you look great
and thank you I know different I round
where Maria lives is one of the few
apartment complexes willing to work with
the refugee community with a diverse
array of children running around one
young man Yaman did not shy away from
asking about our camera and if he could
snap a picture announcing he has a
YouTube channel with his best friend
Henry
we want these fingers
Yaman is a Syrian refugee and Henry's
family is from the DRC that's a to my
father girl I had no clue who young
nigga was but his music video is the
bridge such as the friendship of Yaman
and Henry and it is so adorable
how are you magic you were coming to
America as a refugee what are the
hurdles you have to overcome to
integrate into American society can you
find a job using the computer and think
about how integral the work of the IRC
is who in job class notices someone who
got a job here in Boise
refugees still have to immediately find
work they then have to become
comfortable not just learning but
speaking English in the American context
so you set up our environment that's
what the IRC helps and what may seem as
very simplistic lessons are highly
important to the transitioning
livelihood of refugees you want to go on
hello hello my name is Sarah skin hello
again yeah
are you Haley I am hiring may I hug
Jocasta Cutrone you may have a job
application thank you Wow hey how are
you already started took it haha how are
you doing Coquina I love that name is
another recent immigrant coming to
America last fall with our family from a
refugee camp in Zambia
this time the cultural exchange with a
large additional Condoleeza meal because
Coquina enjoy showing her love by
cooking for her family and friends it's
very important for me to detail you know
and which I see that this is healthy for
me and for my family we had fresh
tilapia cassava leaves and ugali this is
evaluate a spoonful just about every
country I like a starch and they eat
everything you scoop up your stew with
this folks reduces Sigma X I declare
Coquina is from Katanga province the
province and the southernmost tip of the
DRC comments when war broke out in the
region her family first fled to the
refugee Rwanda camp in Peru coast Co
Zambia in 2010 the Zambia government
shut down the camp repatriation to Congo
was encouraged Coquina family resisted
that's when a family applied for
resettlement and six years later
Coquina made it to America so what's the
difference between living here and
living where you were living in Zambia
you can see in the USA it's good because
you like free you are young that's right
here and move around everybody want
before you can go I'm all done it was
good thank you
so now we're going to meet two brothers
who came over to Boise Idaho as refugees
when they were much younger and now
they're college students so they're a
bit more established and excited to meet
them let's go but where else have you
gone in the state states well you know
be Seattle Portland you know it's a
thing to have a difference between us
and our immigrant Francis I know they
can go back to their country 101 and
then where's that's like it's kind of
hard for us go back to refugees right
Patrick and George and gala Lulu Mae we
resettled with their family in Idaho
after fleeing the DRC for Zambia people
you think that or visions company
doesn't want to this guy's not like that
the company people that have to that
after it's a matter of life and death
and I don't cut me for that if I don't
go here I'm dead now nine years later
Patrick a recent college grad is looking
to head to law school with his eye on
Georgetown while George is studying
International Studies in chemistry at
the University of Idaho they were old
enough to remember the life they left
but young enough to take a hold of new
opportunities we take advantage of those
opportunities like other American kids
who don't want to go to school just but
they don't feel like it but then there's
us like you don't want to miss a day if
you miss a day of school it's just like
it weighs hard on you so you're always
comfortable so we take opportunities of
that like education is the biggest
reason that worked like here here you're
walking I was in here the work of the
IRC is invaluable the work ahead of
refugees who make it through the arduous
process towards resettlement is no easy
task
as they build toward a new legacy in a
new land the refugee experience is part
of the fiber of American culture and
their stories should never be silenced
