hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another pops not where we talk about
everything from the low ground to the
high brow as long as your eyebrows are
on fleek and yes - definitely love this
fabulous beat wait before we clean clean
clean inner Clank let me get it to get
clean print print clang if you are new
here be sure to hit that subscribe
button share share share the video and
of course that thumbs up is necessary
this is all about a dialogue so Kiki
along on the comical every piece of
engagement matters and you all the key
if you want more pop snarks be sure to
shop smart brown girl i am love with the
pillows and the toes this 1/8 sponsored
number forty one zero so go bag and
click through for your girl if you can
let us get into this huh Clark as I sip
on my red wine in my long stem never
wine glass in the party barn reviews and
my white woman's far like the wealthy
white neighbor Ivanka Trump who enjoyed
the protesters with all that glorious
mediocre wealthy white women shade girl
and the thing that's all went down on a
cool April evening in may be spring but
wine and far the best signs of shade
earth is Rachel Dolezal this is the
second pops mark in a row we have
discussed this treacherous white woman
so in challenging all the social
contracts of race and racial phenotypes
you would start her non-existent
blackness because of is not a book deal
hello I'm sharing the news stories and
clips on her she ain't nothing more than
an opportunistic headache with a book
view she big handsome
let's hit the permanent news button and
ignore her Hey Chappell dropped a new
comedy show performance whatever you
want to call it on Netflix and with a
heavy heart date who I still do finally
and humorous is right with homophobia
and transphobia that shows how far
removed he is as a wealthy suburban man
living in rural Ohio payment of the very
smart brothers put it best
while we don't expect nor need to expect
their convenience to be of the utmost
political correctness things that we
found funny
years ago we societally have grown to a
better understanding of their
harmfulness I'm not going to pull up
comedy shows from eras begun to shame
them as I speak this time an era they
were created in Richard Pryor might be
cringe-worthy in 2017 but I understand
how he came to popularity in his day
column only was my favorite uncle years
my god even though Kendrick is now below
a hotel I love the problem is that Dave
Chappelle is a comedy performance in
2017 that has not caught up with the
time tranny jokes aren't funny or
acceptable the same shows about 50 and
gay men Dave you're smart and always be
set up so Rachel's really as much as I
guess we have to remember that he is
indeed a wealthy suburbanite with his
Asian wedding too
this is also a man who is friends with
the conscious side of hip-hop actually I
guess his try stand-up makes sense and
conduct because Kendrick Lamar's humble
music video won these quickly new sites
really need to stop doing new stories by
ripping people's tweets out of context I
don't think Kendrick intended to remind
us that black men are so steep and
blatant misogyny no matter how well they
claim to be oh I don't even think
Kendrick is a bad office of many men I
see this missing any an opportunist
humble or trying to make parallel the
immense popularity of bed and booty as
amigo who's ever heralded someone to
learn from like we under overseen by
cooking up dough Twitter easy it has the
utmost of Trappist logics it is the most
enjoyable of ignorance also a little
movie verge that which want me to show
you spacious mingles is not being lauded
anything like how Kendrick is being
loaded and projects themselves and
Seminary
now humble Bobby oh no and iw don't know
anything about whoever this is
supposedly a diss track to because I
ever try to listen to a Big Sean track
that hard a tumble Kendrick is again
trying his hand at consciousness aim to
encourage black women that is bound to
fail when your entry into openness is
speaks and hopes have misogyny the song
really isn't that offensive I swear
falsely taking the to increase people in
the back to write headline he could bait
like black women hate Kendrick Lamar
tumbles
have the general population arguing over
hot air who are these women
we're doing tonight Amalia everybody
don't articulate on the same level
stop taking sweetness standard people
for the most part had a reaction to one
particular line of song show me
something natural like afro with your
prior show me some actual I asked with
some stretch marks I'm your hair what's
in the point that line about afro like
Richard Pryor is visualized the
light-skinned wavy woman and the stretch
marks as a brown sister who's nothing
more than just us ha so the baby hair
brigade represents natural beauty and
welcome you can now connect to them just
a deserving critique no one is trying to
burn Kendra grandma say if you try to
claim consciousness and let us make you
a witness
ain't nothing revolutionary about being
natural when your hair is loose curly
and wavy a dumb being say but we had
glasses to struggle so much the baby
every day think you were revoking their
black cards I am just happy as a pickle
that I call that then less than after
hair community a long time hook the
Obamacare repeal failed to gain momentum
and passed in Congress as number 45
promise it is a sale a big sale and from
the Republican congressman admitting
they were only adamant about it under
Obama because they knew he would veto it
well so basically they know the repeal
would never pass Lee wasn't wasting
everybody's time to Trump supporters who
didn't know that the Affordable Care Act
that they benefit from is the same thing
as Obamacare I mean it is Obamacare Paul
Ryan's being the epitome of a mediocre
white man I'm still Maggie this
discussion pretty primitive everybody
goes off hi what kind of the Sophia
blows to their leaning right now we have
got to get these GOP senators and
Congressman Joe out of here in 2018 that
means sponsoring and supporting
up-and-coming politicians who stand for
your local communities the ACA Obamacare
or whatever you want to call it
definitely needs fixing but repealing it
is not the way to go especially with tom
friends who helped drive
the supposed bill that they were trying
to use to replace a CA is now the head
of Health and Human Services and he's
rolling back guidelines that kept
pharmaceutical companies from price
gouging consumers in other what has
number 45 bust up this month lest we
forget that racist Jeff Sessions was
confirmed as Attorney General and
therefore is the head of the Justice
Department which has now asked a federal
judge in Baltimore to delay the hearing
for the deal on the overhaul of the
Baltimore Police Department the
Baltimore Police Department that has a
very long like pre Civil War tangled
history with the policing and kidnapping
a black box that culminated with Freddie
gray in 2015
let me repeat for clarity that the
biggest Jeff Sessions is leading the
Justice Department and seeking to impede
agreed upon City Police Department
reform as in the police chief and local
politicians have already cooled by I
over the need to reform deviant police
practices and the bigotry is trying to
find a way to backpedal I want to say
some snarky about all the folks that
went on and on and on about Hillary
Clinton and our super-predator comment
as if that was a lead to mass
incarceration
I know bygones bygones with a group
moving the needle and ensuring police
and prison reform actually happens is
black women the one group Hillary most
definitely loved and employees in black
women
guess who very likely would have still
been leading the Justice Department
under Hillary all right woman because we
do that work so it really bothers me to
watch the Justice Department crumble
back into itself after some great games
and lean way out there slower I mean we
still got a long ways to go but it was
something under a black woman as
Attorney General
yahaha but now the balance hangs in the
hand of a federal judge reminding you
how valuable judges are to your life
supporting that young black child trying
to send a law school up lifting them
through the hurdles and then because
judges are elected and appointed
supporting their political career
it all starts local don't look up too
late wondering how you and we got you
this you have not you must watch the
kalief Browder documentary I believe
it's airing on Spike TV and if you have
a cable provider log in you can catch up
on the multi-part series on the Spike TV
website
I was already deeply familiar with a
clean broader story as I lived in New
York City during the era of stop and
frisk and when police were locked up for
three years for no damn reason at all
and it's pity where they will lock you
up for simply not having a state ID on
you I have so many memories of someone
looking for my own way it's real and
still this documentary is hitting me in
the gut this whole income on a family
how much this system is set up to keep
black folk and poor folk in a Chaco it
is men I'm sure this documentary and the
advocacy on behalf of belief and his
family have led the mayor of New York
City bill de blasio to announcing the
move to close Rikers it should have been
long shut down and I hope NYC actually
sees this through Corsica watch a
documentary
Portia's Real Housewives of Atlanta
baby nob is smart as black because it's
not about her being dumb but about what
she has on and everyone walked away from
that episode remembering the scenes
Porsha probably got to herself well how
we manage is laying with a cute lingerie
on that she's probably gone on Instagram
I see you trying to pull the Kardashians
twin doses will you last the geyser Kris
Jenner Bill O'Reilly's attempts to show
slander at Maxine Waters wig when is all
and rolling up to a box with the goal is
congresswoman Maxine by responding to
her remarks on the House floor by saying
he was so distracted by her James Brown
hair to wish the good said I could not
be intimidated yeah
in the name of the book of Philippians
as it says don't be intimidated in any
way by your enemy this will be a sign to
them that they are going to be destroyed
but you are going to be saved even by
God himself
let the church say Amen because
congresswoman waters is a blessing but
this black woman at work hashtag that
when trending because there is an
endless stream of macro and micro
aggressions we face as black women just
trying to live all best lies
I want people who like melanin dare to
demean how you got hired in the first
place cysts don't you dare try and meet
it Tommy
Corrine was fired from the blaze for
being pro-choice and tutaleni this is
hilarious as a blatant attempt to soften
her image and ready her for day time
television she tiptoed around claiming
support for women's right to be
pro-choice on the view a program that is
so desperate need of rating to
continually shells out these obsessive
quickly sound bias apparently Raven them
going away so a cycle of ignorance has
returned to the duty of mediocre white
women i jeff book come boy one megyn
kelly hadn't even solidify our prime
time anchor chair and here you come with
the mediocre races white women sick like
we don't have sympathy of your own kind
issue a lot black women are not doing
the heavy lifting on this one
typing laundry spill ate and won't ever
be
let us close on our rosy mmm Sheila -
comment on trans women I was toying with
doing a whole video on this topic but I
really girl I I mean I said I wasn't
talking about trans topics prior and
less I have a trans person accompany me
because I don't intend to talk over the
margin lives and they're so chasing
their narratives but it is just hurting
to see so many black women participate
and talking over the marginalized
so I should not be surprised it happens
in such banal discussions as a
representation of hair texture but look
even as the marginalized we can and do
participate in marginalizing others now
what I read wrong with the interview was
flat
how the question was framed in the first
place that white woman was wrong for
even suggesting that trans women benefit
from male privilege that belief corsets
because most of our entry into the
awareness of trans identity is through
commodification ie
Caitlyn Jenner come Gigi gorgeous with
empty stores and overshadows or true
intricate battles that trans people face
aren't living in an out of a gloria of
being a wealthy white man and star
athlete I'm not upfront like anything
the totality of being trans work out the
homophobia and transphobia that is
latent in so many facets of how we think
is a conscious work in progress but
again I'm not interested in rebuffing
the three people on social media who
take it too far because their ability to
articulate complex thoughts is still a
work in progress I am going to allow the
marginalize to speak their piece and
work to do better now that is the key
and we are done here with this here pops
not let me know what you sit on and did
your fun is enjoyable do you have a
smart brown girl pillow to lean on and
enjoy the establish combo along with me
I
