but let's actually get into these pics
now thumbs up this video where do you
stay in Cuba I would strongly recommend
that you do not say hotels they are
overpriced out-of-date and very very few
of them really are worth the price they
are charged you know people to people on
and stay at an Airbnb just do your due
diligence only book rooms with verified
hosts that are responsive yes
Wi-Fi is limited yes lots of hoax only
speak Spanish but Airbnb Auto translates
the messages for you if you do not hear
from your host before you dick to Cuba
that is my a good sign I personally went
looking rooms abroad stick to staying
with hope that have reviewed read the
reviews what are people saying about the
location what's nearby how was the home
cleanliness hot water water pressure
everyone is not going to be detailed but
enough will be if you do your due
diligence you can find great lodging
options
what below hello we never smell over $75
a night and really mostly spent $40 a
night we stayed in three different
Airbnb s and one home to read be in
vi√±ales calm because everything on
Airbnb in the now is booked and we had
great lodgings throughout our stay all
of them didn't have hot water but that's
a luxury not a given you will have to
book in advance
like a month or two really two degree
month is recommended because tourism in
Cuba has exploded and rules go quickly
the best folks get booked up fat check
the description box for coupon code for
new Airbnb users most hosting Cuba offer
breakfast for five foods and dinners or
eight to twelve coop we did breakfast
there vanilla toast I was okay
nothing special what their lobster
dinner was lit then we didn't do it
again until we got Montana and only
because we were being super lazy
but haha that host with the fresh baked
pastry rocky elf house was so so nice
and the pool was lit that's the only
place we did breakfast for each day we
stayed use a coupon code the bookie
we're being abusive safety just be smart
like you are when you're home that is
much higher in the state or someplace
like Spain than it is in Cuba so people
are warm and friendly if anything the
man can be annoying with the catcalling
but I never felt threatened or concern
for my safety
so for the Wi-Fi I would just highly
recommend that you disconnect while in
Cuba your cell phone is not really going
to work anyways by your Wi-Fi cards
involved from I say a second of ete si
si telecommunications
they have boosting offers in the hot
spots and there will always realign you
have to use the Wi-Fi via your Wi-Fi
card either at public parks or hotel
lobby hotels are grossly overcharging
for Wi-Fi cards when they sell them to
non guests like ten cool we usually an
hour's a dollar fifty two cuts a second
Wi-Fi is not really a reliable tool for
communicating if you're traveling in a
group because it only available in
select spots you really have to plan
your trip ahead and stick to the
schedule or all stick together on the
ground and go with the flow once you get
there and very minimum have your housing
together before you set foot in the
country and look ahead for vehicle if
you plan to take the bus but however
cabs are cheaper on the ground when you
have more leverage to negotiate rent can
be a super enjoyable experience
if you don't over worry about things you
cannot control and leave your American
extra tensions at home if you travel to
Cuba and have some tips to offer be sure
to leave them in the comments down below
deuces
Oh
