food is so hotly debated in Cuba some
people love it some people pack their
own spices which is fair and some people
think the food in Cuba is disgusting
here's what you have to understand it is
a communist country
the food is rationed out by their
government with the u.s. opening up
travel to Cuba tourism has taken a sharp
spike up so where we live in a
capitalistic society of waste honestly
and go to the supermarket with aisles
upon ions of fresh produce imported from
countries we have blocked from importing
to Cuba you are eating what is grown and
caught in Cuba the land is not set up to
sustain the voracious myth of tourists
avocados are a luxury you really might
want to bring your own Lowery's but I
rarely had a problem with the food
unless we were eating at tourists
restaurants I have the worst food
internet that's a city in Cuba because
we met up with a group and they were
insisting on eating a super subpar $25
dinner for New Year's I had my best meal
for to cook out of a garbage bag at the
DEA's old bus stop in Havana
I ate what and where the locally and it
was with home you know for no more than
three coops
you can eat a lot of pork chicken and
seafood they don't really do spicy like
pepper hot sauce for the music game and
I'm surprised I didn't see it they hold
for your pain like where where the fuss
is all I don't know how folks bear as a
full out minute Aryan what pescetarians
have plenty of options the meat is so
much fresher than what we eat in the
state the rum is delightful drink lots
of it and pina coladas is the biggest
part to keep in mind especially if you
eat local plastic flatware and take-out
is not a fitting allow the local places
in Havana serve food out of a window and
you literally eat Yahoo and Drake Yale
drinks right there they give you real
silverware and plates that you have to
give back check the description box for
my blog post on all the best places I
ate and an exception Hamid ours are the
exception
to tourists a restaurants that are
released good I'll break that down the
blogpost culture the reason why I travel
I don't know why I thought I'd have to
go looking for afro-cubans but they were
everywhere everywhere I told you we went
to vi√±ales no more cigars and lush
valleys a ban of the castle and opened
my heart out two months times and the
gorgeous by the data beaches to Trinidad
with UNESCO World Heritage Site and a
source tribe each city has a different
feel but overall the people look like
they're from New Jersey
both look Italia and Ghanaian and Jewish
it's been ago my girl cousin Tyrell very
very similar to the divergent estates
the music and salsa dancing is
everywhere it is very easy to take part
in the culture whether you just walk
down the malecon at night or hit the
club if you're finding it hard to find
info about what to do on the ground
especially when it comes to supporting
afro-cubans
do not fret part of the reason it's
because it's a communist society
everything is heavily tax and everything
requires a government issued license
I have complicated feelings on communism
so I'm not trying to paint it as a
absolute bag but we have to be honest
about the constraints when it comes to
our capitalistic expectations to get to
the point entrepreneurship doesn't work
the same way out there so a lot of
people are doing business under the
table you will have no problem finding
them once you're in Cuba but the
government does surveillance the
internet and Facebook you can get folks
in a lot of trouble by probably sharing
their info we recorded 25 weeks per hour
when we check from the state about salsa
dancing lessons and then got to Havana
and saw a great girl who's breaking it
all the way down at the club who was
kind of kooky per hour relax you're
going to a country where everyone speaks
Spanish and not so many speaker
understanding
in English that will sway your trip a
bit but it can be a super enjoyable
experience
if you don't over worry about things you
cannot control and leave your American
expectations at home check my blog for
follow up host all places to eat my
favourite Beach and other
recommendations I can't wait to go back
to Cuba and yes on a video all about the
arts so the selection in Cuba was
everything hope this was helpful if you
travel to Cuba and have some tips to
offer be sure to leave them in the
comments below
